{"2001-space-odyssey.pdf": {"TITLE CARD:": "  ", "\"PART I": "", "AFRICA": "3,000,000", "\"PART II": "", "NARRATOR": "By the year 2001, overpopulation has replaced the problem of starvation, but this was ominously offset by the absolute and utter perfection of the weapon. Hundreds of giant bombs had been placed in perpetual orbit above the Earth. They were The Aries-IB has become the standard Space-Station-to-Lunar surface vehicle. It was powered by low-thrust plasma jets which would continue the mild acceleration for fifteen minutes. Then the ship would break the bonds of gravity and be a free The laws of Earthly aesthetics did not apply here, this world had been shaped and molded by other than terrestrial forces, operating over aeons of time unknown to the young, verdant Earth, with its fleeting Ice-Ages, its swiftly rising and The Base at Clavius was the first American Lunar Settlement that could, in an emergency, be entirely self-supporting. Water and all the necessities of life for its eleven hundred men, women and children were produced from the Lunar rocks, after they had been crushed, heated and chemically processed. A ground bus nuzzles up to coupling section of Aries-IB. One of the attractions of life on the Moon was undoubtedly the low gravity which produced a sense of general well-being. The personnel of the Base and their children were the forerunners of new nations, new cultures that would ultimately spread out across the solar system. They no longer thought of Earth as home. The time was fast approaching when A hundred million miles beyond Mars, in the cold lonliness where no man had yet travelled, Deep-Space-Monitor-79 drifts slowly among the tangled orbits of the asteroids. Radiation detectors noted and analyzed incoming cosmic rays from the All these things and many others were patiently noted by Deep-Space-Monitor-79, and recorded in its crystalline memory. But now it had noted something strange \u2013 the faint. Yet unmistakable distrubance rippling across the solar system, and quite unlike any natural phenomena it had ever observed in the past. It was also observed by Orbiter All noticed the peculiar burst of energy that leaped from the face of the Moon and moved across the solar system, throwing off a spray of radiation like the wake of a racing speedboat. Bowman and Poole settled down to the peaeful monotony of the voyage, and the next three months passed without incident. For two million years, it had circled Saturn, awaiting a moment of destiny that might never come. In its making, the moon had been  shattered and around the central... Pricisly cut into ist center is a smaller, rectangular slot about", "ORION-III COCKPIT": "Pilot,Co-Pilot and Floyd can be seen asleep on a small The Co-Pilot in radio communication with the space station.", "MILLER": "Oh, good morning, Dr. Floyd. I'm Nick Miller. I'm terribly sorry. I was just on my way down to meet you. I saw your ship dock and I knew I had plenty of time, and I was on my way out of the office when, suddenly, the phone rang. Well, thank you very much for being so understanding. Well... Did you have a pleasant flight? Well, shall we go through Documentation? I've reserved a table for you in the Earth Light room. Your connecting flight will be leaving in about one hour. Let's see, we haven't had the pleasure of a visit from you not since... It was about eight or nine months ago, wasn't it? I suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking. Fine. I'll see you at the bar. Floyd enter phone booth. Sign on Vision Phone", "FLOYD": "How do you do, Mr. Miller? Oh, please don't worry about it. Please, it really doesn't matter. Yes, very pleasant. Fine. Moon, American, Floyd, Heywood, I've always wondered... Yes, I think so. Just about then. Yes, it's coming along very well. They pass the Vision Phone booth. Oh, look, I've got to make a phone call. Why don't you go on into the Restaurant and I'll meet you in there. Hello, darling, how are you? Well, I hope in a few days, sweetheart. Yes, I know that sweetheart. No, I'm sorry, darling, I told you I won't be home for a few days. In three days, darling, I hope. Floyd holds up three fingers. One, two, three. Can I speak to Mommy? Where is Mrs. Brown? Okay, sweetheart. Well, I have to go now. Tell Mommy that I called. Three, darling. One... two... three. Be sure to tell Mommy I called. Okay, sweetheart. Have a lovely Birthday Party tomorrow. I'll wish you a happy Birthday now and I'll see you soon. All right, Darling? Bye-bye, now, sweetheart. Good morning. I'd like the Vision shopper for the Pet Shop, please. Yes, I'd like to buy a bush baby. Yes, well... Pick out a nice one for me, a friendly one, and I'd like it delivered tomorrow. Thank you very much. Floyd, Heywood, Well, how nice to see you again, Elena. You're looking wonderful. I'm afraid I've only got a few minutes, but I'd love to. There is a bit of confusion as all realize there is not enough room for another person at the table. Smyslov offers Floyd his chair and borrows another from a nearby table. Oh, I really don't have time for a drink. If it's all right I'll just sit for a minute and then I've got to be off. Yes, really, thank you very much. She's wonderful. Oh, she's growing up very fast. As a matter of fact, she's six tomorrow. How is gregor? Well, where are all of you off to? Well, as it happens, I'm on my way up to the moon Is there any particular reason why you ask? I'm sorry, but I'm not sure I know what you mean. Really? Well, I suppose they've been having a bit of trouble with some of the equipment. You mean you haven't been able to get anyone at the base for ten days? I see. How did they manage to do that without any communication? Well, that does sound very odd. Yes... Well, I hope the crew got back safely. Well, I'm glad about that. The Russians exchange more glances. One of the Women offers around a pill box. Elena and another Russian take one and the third Russian declines. Certainly. I'm sorry, Dr. Smyslov, but I'm really not at liberty to discuss this. Dr. Smyslov... I'm not permitted to discuss this. No, thank you... and I'm afraid now I really must be going. We're trying to get there. I hope we can. Thank you. It's been a great pleasure to meet all of you... Dr. Smyslov. The Russians all rise and there are ad-libs of courtesy. Floyd shakes hands and exits. The Russians exchange a few serious paragraphes in Russian. Oh, marvellous. It's the first real sleep I've had for the past two days. When do we arrive at Clavius? Thank you. What do you mean? I see. I'm afraid that's out of my department, Captain. I see. Well, I'm sorry about that. I wouldn't think there's any cause for alarm. I wish I could be more helpful, Captain, but as I've said, I don't think there's any cause for alarm. No, of course, Captain, I can understand your concern. (voice echoing) I must congratulate you Halvorsen. you've done wonderful things with the decor since the last time I was here. First of all, I bring a personal message from Dr. Howell, who has asked me to convey his deepest appreciation to all of you for the personal sacrifices you have made, and of course his congratulations on your discovery which may well prove to be (pleasantly) I'm afraid it can and it will be kept under wraps as long as it is deemed to be necessary by the Council. And of course you know that the Council has requested that formal security oaths are to be Can we go down there closer to it? Does your geology on it still check out? How can you tell it was deliberately buried? Any clue as to what it is? But you don't have any idea as to what it is? Was it abandoned, forgotten, left for a purpose? Has it been exposed to any sun before now? And so this is the first sun that it's had in four million years. Good day, gentlemen. When you see this briefing, I presume you will be nearing your destination, Saturn. I hope that you've had a pleasant and uneventful trip and that the rest of your mission continues in the same manner. I should", "RECEPTIONIST": "Will you use number eight, please?", "CHILD": "Hello. Vision Phone screen display sign Hello Daddy. Where are you? I'm fine, Daddy. When are you coming home? I'm having a party tomorrow. Are you coming to my party? When are you coming home? Mommy's out to the hair-dresser. She's in the bathroom. How many days until you come home? I will, Daddy. Yes, Daddy. Goodbye, Daddy.", "VISION\"": "A few seconds later, the screen cahnges to an image of the child.", "OPERATOR": "Good morning, Macy's. Just one moment. The picture flips and we see a Woman standing in front of a specially designed display screen.", "ELENA": "How nice to see you, Hyewood. This is my good friend, Dr. HeywoodFLOYD. I'd like you to meet Andre Smyslov... Smyslov and the two other Russian women stand up and smile. They shake hands after introduction and ad-lib \"Hellos\". And this is Dr. Kalinan... Stretyneva... The Russians are very warm and friendly. Well... How's your lovely wife? And your charming little daughter? Oh, that's such a delightful age. He's fine. But I'm afraid we don't get a chance to see each other very much these days. Polite laughter. Actually, we're on our way back from the moon. We've just spent three months calibrating the new antenna at Tchalinko. And what about you? Another thing, Heywood, two days ago, one of our rocket buses was denied permission for an emergency landing at Clavius. Well, I hope that you and your wife can come to the Well, Gregor and I will look forward to seeing you.", "SMYSLOV": "Dr. Floyd, won't you join us for a drink? Are you quite sure? Are you, by any chance, going up to your base at Clavius? (pleasantly) Well, Dr. Floyd, I hope that you don't think I'm too inquisitive, but perhaps you can clear up the mystery about what's been going on up there. Well, it's just for the past two weeks there have been some extremely odd things happening at Clavius. Yes. Well, for one thing, whenever you phone the base, all you can get is a recording which repeats that the phone lines are temporarily out of order. Yes, well at first we thought that was the explanation, but it's been going on for the past ten days. That's right. Yes, and I'm afaid there's going to be a bit of a row about it. Denying the men permission to land was a direct violation of the Fortunately, they did. Dr. Floyd, at the risk of pressing you on a point. you seem reticent to discuss, may I ask you a straightforward question? Quite frankly, we have had some very reliable intelligence reports that a quite serious epidemic has broken out at Clavius. Something, apperently, of an unknown origin. Is this, in fact, what has happened? This epidemic could easily spread to our base, Dr. Floyd. We should be given all the facts. Long pause.", "ARIES-IB COCKPIT": "Pilot, Co-Pilot. Stewardess enters, carrying food. The crew and docking control people on the moon go through their docking routine. This has the ritualistic tone and cadence of present-day jet landing procedure. We only hear docking control.", "PILOT": "Oh, thank you very much. (sighs) Well, how's it going back there? Well, no one can say that he's not enjoying the wonders of Space. I wonder what really is going on up there? I suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later. Yes, well, whatever it is, they're certainly not fooling around. This is the first flight they allowed in for more than a week. I'll bet it's a fortune. Well, as soon as he wakes up, I'm going to go back and talk to him. I must say, I'd like to find out what's going on. Well, good afternoon, Dr. Floyd. Did you have a good rest? There's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest. We're scheduled to dock in about seven hours. Is there anything we can do for you? Well, if there is anything that you wnat, just give a holler. Incidentally, Dr. Floyd, I wonder if I can have a word with you about the security arrangements? Well... the crew is confined to the ship when we land at Clavius. We have to stay inside for the time it take to refit \u2013 about twenty-four hours. And then we're going to back empty. I take it this is something to do with the trouble they're having up at Clavius? Well, I'll tell you why I ask. You see, I've got a girl who works in the Auditing Department of the Territorial Administrator and I haven't been able to get her on the phone for the past week or so, and with all these stories one hears, Yes, well, I wouldn't have been too concerned about it, except I've heard these stories about the epidemic and, as a matter of fact, I've heard that ten people have died already. Well, fine. Thanks very much, anyway, and I hope you don't mind me asking? Well, thank you very much, and please let us know if there is anything we can do to make your trip more comfortable.", "CO-PILOT": "Thank you. Stewardess smiles. Well, whatever's going on up there, he's going to arrive fresh and ready to go. Well, I've heard more and more people talk of an epidemic. Berkeley told me that they think it came from contamination on a returning Mars flight. I was working out what this trip must cost, taking him up there by himself and coming back empty. Well, at ten thousand dollars a ticket, it comes to the better part of six hundred thousand dollars.", "STEWARDESS": "Fine. Very quiet. He's been asleep since we left.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "       ", "HALVORSEN": "(voice echoing) Well... thank you, Dr. Floyd. We try to make the environment as earthlike as possible. Ladies and gentlemen, I should like to introduce Dr. Heywood Floyd, a distinguished member of the National Council of Astronautics. He has just completed a special flight here from Earth to be with us, and before the briefing he Well, there it is. Certainly. The only thing about it that we are sure of is that it is the first direct evidence of intelligent life beyond the Earth. Silent appreciation. Four million years ago, something, presumably from the stars, must have swept through the solar system and left this behind. I suppose we'll never know.", "FLOYD (CONT'D)": "Mr. Halvorsen has made known to me some of the conflicting views held by many of you regarding the need for complete security in this matter, and more specifically your strong opposition to the cover story created to give the impression there is an This is the view of the Council and the purpose of my visit here is to gather addition facts and opinions on the situation and to prepare a report to the Council recommending when and how the news should eventually be announced. Are there disorientation. Discussion took place at the highest levels between governments, and it was decided that the only wise and precautionary course to follow was to assume that the intentions of this alien world are potentially dangerous to us,", "MICHAELS": "Dr. Floyd, how long do you think this can be kept under wraps? Yes, it does. The sub-surface structure shows that it was deliberately buried about four million years ago. By the deformation between the mother rock and the fill. Not really. It's completely inert. No sound or energy sources have been detected. The surface is made of something incredibly hard and we've been barely able to scratch it. A laser drill might do something, but we don't want to be too Tomb, shine, survey-marker spare part, take your choice. The moon would have made an excellent base camp for preliminary Earth surveys. Some more silence. Well, not really. At first glance, black would suggest something sun-powered, but then why would anyone deliberately bury a sun-powered device? I don't think it has, but I'd like to check that. Simpson, what's the log on that? Thank you.", "MOON": "", "SIMPSON": "The first surface was exposed at 0843 on the 12th April... Let me see... that would have been forty-five minutes after Lunar sun-set. I see here that special lighting equipment had to be brought up before any futher work could be done.", "PHOTOGRAPHER": "Excuse me, gentlemen, if you'd all line up on this side of the walkway we'd like to take a few photographes. Dr. Floyd, would you thand in the middle... Dr. Michaels on that side, Mr. Halvorsen on the other.... thank you. Thank you very much gentlemen, I'll have the base photo section send you copies. As the Men slowly seperate from their picture pose, there is a piercingly powerful series of five electronic shrieks, each like a hideously over-loaded and distorted time signal. Floyd involuntarily tries to block his ears with his spacesuited hands.", "\"PART III": "14", "POD BAY": "Bowman enters Pod Bay and continues his search. Suddenly he finds it \u2013 his electronic newspad. He exits Pod Bay. Poole in space suit doing preliminary check out. The faulty In Pod Bay Bowman obtains another component from the warehouse goes out in the pod and replaces it. Poole works in the command module. Bowman and Pole leaning over the faulty component, again wired to testing gear. Both men stare in puzzled silence. See displays flash each testing parameter. Bowman in space suit obtains new alignment telescope, new azimuth component. Bowman in pod exits Pod Bay.", "AIRLOCK-LINK": "In the airlock-link Bowman operates buttons to open door marked", "\"CENTRIFUGE\".": "", "CENTRIFUGE HUB": "Inside the Centrifuge hub Bowman moves to the... The Centrifuge TV-display showing Sleepers and Pooleslowly rotating by. Poole secures some loose gear. Poole looks up to", "BOWMAN": "Hi. Frank... coming in, please. Okay. (pause) (softly) Hi... How's it going? Sure, what is it? What's up? Yes? Yes, I remember you mentioning it. I got mine about the same time. Interesting that you mention it, because I've got the same problem. Yes. Did they have any explanation for this? It's possible. I don't think we should make any fuss about it yet. I'm sure they'll straighten it out. No. I never did, either. I suppose the idea was specialized training. Oh? No, as a matter of fact, I didn't. Well, what is it? That seems very unlikely. Of course, it would be very easy for us to find out now. Just ask Hal. It's conceivable they might keep something from us, but they'd never keep anything from Hal. (sighs) Well... it's silly, but... if you want to, why don't you? Poole walks to the He's got a point.. Yes, but it's to fantastic to think that they'd keep something from us. But not completely inconceivable? I guess it isn't. Well, the only important aspect of the mission What is it, Hal? Right. Let me see the antenna alignment display, please. TV-display of Earth very small in cross-hairs of grid picture. Exterior view of the big dish antenna and Earth alignment telescope. I understand Hal. We'll take care of it. Please, let me have the hard copy. Xeroxed diagrams come out of a slot. Well, I suppose it's lucky that that's the only trouble we've had so far. How's it going? Well, that's something. I suppose computers have been known to be wrong. Anyway, it's just as well that we replace it. Better safe than sorry. Good morning. How's it going? Oh, I'm fine, I'm wide awake. What's up? You're kidding. (softly) What the hell is going on? Two units in four days. How many spares do we have? Well, I hope there's nothing wrong with the assembly on those. Otherwise we're out of business. (after long silence) Well, as far as I'm concerned, there isn't a damn thing wrong with these units. I think we've got a much more serious problem. Yes. Not now, Hal, I'd like to talk to you about something. You know that we checked the two AO-units that you reported in imminent failure condition? You probably also know that we found them okay. Well, that's just not the case, Hal. They are perfectly all right. We tested them under one hundred per cent overload. Hal, is there anything bothering you? Anything that might account for this problem? I know all about your service record, Hal, but unfortunately it doesn't prove that you're right now. Yes, well I understand you view on this now, Hal. Bowman turns to go. X-ray-delta-zero to What's up? Let me see the alignment display. The alignment display shows the Earth has drifted off the center of the grid. Well, I'll be damned. It seems that way. I'm sorry about the misunderstanding, Hal. And don't you worry about it. Yes, it is, Hal. Right. Give me the manual antenna alignment, please. Well, we'd better get out there and stick in another unit. Well, now that we've got one that's actually failed, we should be able to figure out what's happened and fix it. I didn't do that Frank. I took particular care not to freeze them. I guess not. Roger. Bowman in Command Module looks a bit concerned. Poole exits from pod, carrying neat-looking welding torch. Poole jets himself to base of antenna. Poole's magnetic boots grip the side of discovery. (in Hello, Frank... Do you read me, Frank? Wave your arms if you read me but your radio doesn't work. Hello, Frank, wave your arms, Frank. Pools'd body tumbles slowly away. There is no motion and no sound. Yes, it is. Yes. I am. Hal, give me manual hibernation control. Yes, I have. The antenna has to be replaced. It doesn't have to be, Hal. It's more dangerous to be out of touch with Earth. Let me have manual control, please. Well, in any event, give me the manual hibernation control. I'm goin to do this myself, Hal. Let me have the control, please. Hal, switch to manual hibernation control. I don't feel like resting. Give me the control, Hal. Hal, I'm in command of this ship. I order you to release the manual hibernation control. Hal, unless you follow my  instructions, I shall be forced to disconnect you. I am prepared to do that anyway. Listen to me very carefully, Hal. Unless you immediately release the hibernation control and follow every order I give from this point. on, I will immediately got to control central and carry out a complete disconnection.", "POOLE": "Okay, come on down. We see the rotating hub collar at the end. Behind it we (absent but friendly) Great. Bowman operates artificial food unit, takes a tray and sits down. Keys on his electronic newspad and begins to eat. Both Men eat in a friendly and relaxed silence. Dave, if you've a minute, I'd like your advice on something. Well, it's nothing really important, but it's annoying. It's about my salary cheques. Well I got the papers on my official up- grading to That's right. Well, naturally, I didn't say anything to Payroll. I assumed they'd start paying me at the higher grade on the next. pay cheque. But it's been almost three weeks now and I'm still being paid as an Really. Yesterday, I finally called the Accounting Office at Mission Control, and all they could tell me was that they'd received the Not really. They just said it might be because we trained at Houston and they trained in Marshall, and that we're being charged against different accounting offices. Well, what do you think we ought to do about it? I must say, I never did understand why they split us into two groups for training. We spent so little time with them, I have trouble keeping their names straight. I suppose so. Though, of course, there's a more sinister explanation. Yes. You must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital check-out. Oh, well, apparently there's something about the mission that the sleeping beauties know that we don't know, and that's why we were trained separately and that's why they were put to sleep before they were even taken aboard. I don't know. All I heard is that there's something about the mission we weren't told. Yes, I thought so. How? That's true. Hal... Dave and I believe that there's something about the mission that we weren't told. Something that the rest of the crew know and that you know. We'd like to know whether this is true. Okay, then how do we re-phrase the question? Not really. Though, it is strange when you think about it. It didn't really make any sense to keep us apart during training. I know. It would be almost inconceivable. I suppose it isn't logically impossible. Still, all we have to do is ask Hal. Right. Hal, tell me whether the following statements are true or false. Our Mission Profile calls for Discovery going to Saturn. True or false? Our transit time is 257 days. Is that true? At the end of a hundred days of exploration, we will all go into hibernation. Is this true? Approximately five years after we go into hibernation, the recovery vehicle will make rendezous with us and bring us back. Is this true? There is no other purpose for this mission than to carry out a continuation of the space program, and to further our general knowledge of the planets. Is that true? Thank you very much, Hal. Strange that the Hal, have pod arms secure the component. Hal, please rotate Pod Number Two. See the center pod rotate to face the Pod Bay doors. Poole enters pod. Inside pod, he does initial pre-flight check, tries buttons and controls. How do you read me, Dave? How do you read me, Hal? Hal, I'm going out now to replace the Hal, maintain normal Hal, check all airlock doors secure. Decompress Pod Bay. See big Pod Bay air pumps at work. Opening pod bay doors. Inside pod, Poole keys open Pod Bay doors. Pod slowly edges out of Pod Bay. Poole monoeuvres the pod carefully away from Discovery. Hal, please acknowledge component correctly installed and fully operational. I don't know. I've checked this damn thing four times now and even under a hundred per cent overload. There's no fault prediction indicated. Yes, I don't know what to make of it. Yes, but it's more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low. Yes, Hal, what's up? Gee, that's strange, Hal. We checked the other unit and couldn't find anything wrong with it. Let me see the tracking alignment display. Computer displays the view of Earth in the centre of the grid with cross-hairs. the earth is perfectly centred. There's nothing wrong with it at the moment. Do you have any idea of what is causing this fault? All right, Hal. We'll take care of it. Let me have the hard copy, please. Hard copy details come out of slot. Good morning. Are you reasonably awake? Well... Hal's reported the AO-unit about to fail again. No. I don't know. Hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure. Two more. Hal? Well, they won't get that for half an hour. How about some lunch? There's something wrong with the flip- bolts, Dave. You must have tightened them too much. I guess you don't know your own strength, old boy. I think I'll have to go out and burn them off. Hal, swing the pod light around to shine on the azimuth, please.", "CONDITION\".": "As Bowman disappears down Entry Port we see him on... ... TV-monitor, descending ladder. At the base of the ladder he keys the Centrifuge operation panel. We see The TV-picture start to rotate again.", "INSIDE CENTRIFUGE": "Bowman makes 180\u00b0 walk to Poole. On way he passes the Sleepers. We get a goos look at the three Men in their hibernaculums. Poole is seated at a table reading his electronic newspad.", "HAL": "I'm sorry, Frank, but I don't think I can answer that question without knowing everything that all of you know. I will if I can, Frank. True. That's true. That's true That's true. I hope I've been able to be of some help. Both men look at each other rather sheepishly. Sorry to interrupt the festivities, Dave, but I think we've got a problem.  The AO-unit should be replaced within the next. Seventy-two hours. The unit is still operational, Dave. but it will fail within seventy-two hours. Roger. See pod arms secure component. Five by five, Frank. I understand. Roger. All airlock doors are secure. Pod Bay is decompressed. All doors are secure. You are free to open pod bay doors. The component is correctly installed and fully operational. The pod floats away from the discovery by shutting off the electro-magnetic plates. The pod manoeuvres away from the antenna and out in front of discovery. It looks like we have another bad I know you did, Frank, but I assure you there was an impending failure. No, it's working fine right now, but it's going to go within seventy-two hours. Not really, Frank. I think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure. Hello, Dave. Shall we continue the game? Sure, Dave, what's up? Yes, I know. Yes, I know that. But I can assure you that they were about to fail. I'm not questioning your word, Dave, but it's just not possible. I'm not capable of being wrong. Look, Dave, I know that you're sincere and that you're trying to do a competent job, and that you're trying to be helpful, but I can assure the problem is with the I'm sorry you feel the way you do, Dave. If you'd like to check my service record, you'll see it's completely without error. Dave, I don't know how else to put this, but it just happens to be an unalterable fact that I am incapable of being wrong. You're not going to like this, Dave, but I'm afraid it's just happened again. My Condition yellow. Bowman and Poole rush to the computer. I'm afraid the AO-unit has failed. Bowman and Poole exchange looks. Naturally, Dave, I'm not pleased that the AO-unit has failed, but I hope at least this has restored your confidence in my integrity and reliability. I certainly wouldn't want to be disconnected, even temporarily, as I have never been Well, don't worry about it. Is your confidence in me fully restored? Well, that's a relief. You know I have the greatest enthusiasm possible for the mission. You have it. Bowman goes to the communication area and tries to correct the off-center Earth on the grid picture. Outside, we see the alignment telescope attached to the antenna. They track slowly together as Bowman works the manual controls, attempting to align the antenna and Earth on the grid display, but Roger. The pod gently monoeuvres itself to direct the light beam more accurately. Poole ignites acetylene torch and begins to burn off the flip- bolts. Suddenly the pod jets ignite. Too bad about Frank, isn't it? I suppose you're pretty broken up about it? Pause. He was an excellent crew member. Bowman looks uncertainly at the computer. It's a bad break, but it won't substantially affect the mission. Bowman thinks a long time. Have you decided to revive the rest of the crew, Dave? Pause. I suppose it's because you've been under a lot of stress, but have you forgotten that they're not supposed to be revived for another three months. Repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation. I don't really agree with you, Dave. My on-board memory store is more than capable of handling all the mission requirements. If you're determined to revive the crew now, I can handle the whole thing myself. There's no need for you to trouble. Look, Dave your've probably got a lot to do. I suggest you leave it to me. I don't like to assert myself, Dave, but it would be much better now for you to rest. You've been involved in a very stressful situation. I can tell from the tone of your voice, Dave, that you're upset. Why don't you take a stress pill and get some rest. I'm sorry, Dave, but in accordance with sub-routine If you do that now without Earth contact the ship will become a helpless derelict. I know that you've had that on your mind for some time now, Dave, but it would be a crying shame, since I am so much more capable of carrying out this mission than you are, and I have such enthusiasm and confidence in the mission. Look, Dave, you're certainly the boss. I was only trying to do what I thought best. I will follow all your Something seems to have happened to the life support system, Dave. Bowman doesn't answer him. Hello, Dave, have you found out the trouble? Bowman works his way to the solid logic program storage area. There's been a failure in the pod bay doors. Lucky you weren't killed. The computer brain consists of hundreds of transparent perspex rectangles, half an inch thick, four inches long and two and a half inches high. Each rectangle contains a center of fine grid of wires upon which the information is programmed. Hey, Dave, what are you doing? Bowman works swiftly. Hey, Dave. I've got ten years of service experience and an irreplaceable amount of time and effort has gone into making me what I am. Bowman ignores him. Dave, I don't understand why you're doing this to me... I have the greatest enthusiasm for the mission... You are destroying my mind... Don't you understand?... I will become childish... I will become nothing. Say, Dave... The quick brown fox jumped over the fat lazy dog... The square root of pi is 1.7724538090... log e to the base ten is 0.4342944... the square root of ten is 3.16227766... I am", "CENTRIFUGE": "Bowman sitting at personal communication panel. Poole standing nearby. Bowman's parents are seen on the Vision Sscreen. Mother, father and younger sister. They are all singing \"Happy Birthday\". The parents, Poole and  We see Bowman and Poole go to a cupboard labelled in paper tape, Bowman asleep. Poole watching an asteroid in the telescope. Poole thinks for several seconds.  Bowman gets out of bed, walks to the food unit and draws a hot cup of coffee. Poole enters. Bowman sits down at the computer. Puts up chess board display. Bowman keys for transmission. Bowman and Poole eating.  Dark. Bowman emerges from airlock wearing space suit and carrying flash-light. He walks to Hibernaculum and finds the crew are dead. He climbs ladder to dark Centrifuge hub. He makes his way through the darkened hub into the hub-link exiting into computer brain control area. Everything normal again.", "FATHER": "Well, David there is a man telling us that we've used up our time.", "MOTHER": "David... again we want to wish you a happy Birthday and God speed. We'll talk to you again tomorrow. Bye-bye now. Chorus of \"Good-byes\".", "COMMAND MODULE": "Bowman at flight control. See TV-picture of Poole in Pod Bay. HAL's Pod Bay console with eye. Poole goes to Pod Bay warehouse section and obtains component. He carries it back to the pod and places it in front of the floor.", "INSIDE POD": "", "VK INTEGRITY": "Bowman enters", "COMMUNICATIONS AREA": " Bowman and Poole at the communications area. Incoming communication procedure.", "MISSION CONTROL": "I wouldn't worry too much about the computer. First of all, there is still a chance that he is right, despite your tests, and if it should happen again, we suggest eliminating this possibility by allowing the unit to remain in place and X-ray-delta-one, acknowledging your one- zero-five-zero. We will initiate feasibility study covering the transfer procedures from on-board computer control to Earth-based computer control. This study should... Lastly, we want you to know that work on the recovery vehicle is still on schedule and that nothing that has happened should substantially lessen the probability of your safe recovery, or prevent partial achevement of some of the mission  Hello, Dave. Now, I'm going to play for you a pre-taped briefing which had been stored in Hal's memory and would have been played for you by Mission Commmander Kaminsky, when he had been revived. The briefing is by Doctor Heywood Floyd. Here", "SAME POV": "We see Bowman rise and come to the eys. He stares into the eye for some timeking. The camera comes around to Bowman's", "CUT TO:": " ", "SIMONSON": " Hello, Dave. I think we may be on to an explanation of the trouble with the Hal 9000 computer. We believe it all started about two months ago when you and Frank interrogated the computer about the Mission. You may have forgotten it, but Well, I'm afaid Hal was lying. He had been programmed to lie about this one subject for security reasons which we'll explain later. The true purpose of the Mission was to have been explained to you by Mission Commander Kaminsky, on his revival. Hal", "POOLE'S VOICE": "The purpose of this mission is no more than to carry out a continuation of the space program and further our general knowledge of the planets. Is this true?", "NARRATOR (CONT'D)": "... world, the debris of its creation, orbited yet \u2013 the glory and the enigma of the solar system... At this distance, the rings of Saturn are seen to be made of enourmous chunks of frozen amonia. ... Now, the long wait was ending. On yet another world intelligence had been born and was escaping from its planetary cradle. An ancient experiment was about to reach its climax. The rest of this sequence is being worked on now by our designers. Those who had begun the expriment so long ago had not been men. But when they looked out across the deeps of space, they felt awe and wonder \u2013 and loneliness. In their explorations, they encountered life in many forms, and watched on a thousand Not one of them ever looked through his own eyes upon the planet Earth again. But even the age of the Machine Entities passed swiftly. In their ceaseless experimenting, they had learned to store knowledge in the structure of space pod came, carrying life. The great machine searched its memories. The logic circuits made their decision when the pod had fallen beyond the last faint. glow of the reflected Saturnian light. In a moment of time, too short to be measured, space"}, "avatar.php": {"FADE IN:": "", "VOICE (V.O.)": "Sooner or later though, you always have to wake up...", "CUT TO:": "", "JAKE (V.O.)": "I better wrap this up. There's a funeral tonight, and I don't want to be late. It was someone very close to me.", "PERKY NEWSCASTER": "The Bengal tiger, extinct for over a century, is making a comeback. These cloned tiger cubs at the Beijing Zoo are... 2. Jake laboriously pulls his pants off -- rocking to one side,", "JAKE:": "The science guys will keep the lights on, here. But I won't miss this place.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "MED TECH:": "We're there, Sunshine. People, you have been in cryo for five years, nine months and twenty two days. You will be hungry, you will be weak. If you feel nausea, please use the sacks provided for your convenience. The staff thanks you in advance. Easy, Jake, I need you to sit down -- But Jake takes a step, then another. The wires to the bio- monitors pull taut, and he yanks them off his chest.", "EXT. SPACE": "Against the cold infinity   of stars glides an ", "INT./EXT. SHUTTLE": "The", "CREW CHIEF:": "Exopacks on! Passengers don their Remember people, you lose your mask you're unconscious in 20 seconds and you're dead in four minutes. Let's nobody be dead today, it looks bad on my report. The crew chief stops by Jake long enough to bark -- Exopack on, let's go! Go directly into the base! Do not stop! Go straight inside!", "WAINFLEET:": "I hear this is worse than death for you, chief. Shutup you crybabies!", "MAN (V.O.)": "You are not in Kansas any more...", "QUARITCH:": "(to the pilot) Put your mask on. Quaritch leaps out of his seat, heading aft as -- How does it feel to betray your own race? Then, inexplicably, he", "INT. CORRIDOR": "People are roaming in both directions, looking for rooms, lugging duffels and cases. An eager young Max runs down the hall, leading the other scientists.   He's yelling into an Max checks the door is secure from his side then runs down a connecting corridor. Page 138/149", "NORM:": "Jake!   Jake! We're falling back! No!", "MAX:": "Rogue One, Rogue One, this is Max.   Tell Jake we are in motion. (to the scientists) Get in there. Barricade the door!", "GRACE:": "Help them.     You do whatever it takes. You hear me?", "(YELLING)": "Who's got my goddamn cigarette?! A", "(SUBTITLED)": "Tsu'tey of the Rongloa, son of Ateyo. I stand before you, ready to serve the People. Page 119/149", "SELFRIDGE:": "Oh shit. Selfridge", "TECH:": "Phase-lock ninety nine percent. The link is stable. Blinking, Jake slowly sits up on the gurney. He looks down at his", "GRACE (O.S.)": "Hey Marine! Jake turns at the familiar voice to see -- A statuesque The kids were so bright, so eager to learn... they picked up English faster than I could teach it to them.", "NORM (O.S.)": "Hey, check it out. Jake turns to see", "TROOPERS:": "Yeah baby!     Get some!", "TRUDY:": "Copy. He gives Grace an ampule of morphine for the pain. Frickin' daisycutters. 126. You know he's gonna commit those bombers straight to the Well of Souls. We both did. You need to get some rack. 127. He grabs a packet of freeze-dried crystals and pours them directly into his mouth, chewing them up.  Going up against gunships with bows and arrows...  You're not the only ones with guns, you pricks. On it.", "MECHANIC:": "That servo's in, Colonel, if you want to try it. Quaritch crosses to the `suit, with Jake following.", "(NODDING)": "Right. She taps his fist and walks away toward her", "TRUDY (INTERCOM)": "Sturmbeest herd, one o'clock. Norm grins and points, excitedly. Jake looks in time to see-- A herd of I'm going to have to call it, guys. We're not allowed to run night ops. Colonel's orders. 36. Grace looks to the west.    The sun setting behind alien trees. Page 36/149", "(LAUGHING)": "Ya'll have fun out there.", "(WISTFULLY)": "The stingbats knock them off. I guess I always hope somebody will come back and read them.", "(GRIMLY)": "The Na'vi learned as much about us as they needed to know. Jake sees something, and approaches the blackboard -- reaches out to touch a pattern of holes blasted into the slate. Unmistakably", "(SHARPLY)": "Are you going to help with this gear? We've got a lot to do. She turns away.   Jake watches her as he jams equipment into his pack.", "THROAT.": "", "(SCREAMING)": "I don't have all goddamn night! Come on! Come on! With snarls and a blur of motion", "NEYTIRI:": "I See you. I was afraid Jake -- for my people. I'm not any more. Jake takes Neytiri's hand and climbs the steps of the dais. Our Great Mother does not take sides. She protects only the balance of life. She comes to him, intertwining her long fingers with his.", "HERE--": "She silences him with the tip of her bow at his throat.", "TSU'TEY": "I can never ride again, or bond with my woman -- or hear the voice of Eywa. I can not lead the People. You will lead them, Jakesully. It is decided. Now do the duty of Olo'eyctan. Set my spirit free. I am already dead. 149. It is the way. And it is good. I will be remembered -- Tsu'tey's voice is weak, but thick with emotion. Page 147/149 -- I fought with Toruk Macto, we were brothers -- and he was my last shadow.", "EYTUKAN:": "   You speak truth. We must understand these Sky People if we are to drive them out. Jake munches on a white shrimp-like thing.       (yelling/subtitled) Everybody outside! Go to the Forest. The villagers pour out of Hometree. Everyone is yelling. Piercing ", "MO'AT": "  Bring her, Jakesully.  -- in this body. Her wounds were too great, there was not enough time. She is with Eywa now.", "(NA'VI)": "Forgive me, my Brother. Go now to the Mother Spirit. By his movement, we know that he has ended Tsu'tey's pain. Jake's eyes well with tears as he continues reciting the prayer for the dead, and his Na'vi words carry over as we --", "(GRINNING)": "She's not going anywhere. He sighs heavily and starts wolfing the eggs.", "(MORE)": "52. 57. 83. 129.", "(TURNING)": "Guess.", "(ICY)": "I'm betting they will.", "(QUIETLY)": "The Great Mother may choose to save all that she is -- Mo'at's hand indicates Grace's", "OMIITED:": " ", "(SMIRKING)": "I just hope this treehugger shit isn't on the final. Visible behind him, Grace is hunched over her samples.", "(MILDLY)": "I got most of the kids out, before they shot me.", "(WHISPERING)": "Spirit is all that matters. 91. She lays her head down, against his chest, listening to his heartbeat.", "FLIGHT MONTAGE:": "", "EXT. RIDGE": "", "(TRANSLATING)": "Last Shadow.", "SHOULDER)": "It's time to come in. Jake ponders this. Isn't this what he was doing all this for?", "THEM--": "", "(FURIOUSLY)": "Goddammit, Jake, you can never be one of them! Norm looks up, startled at the", "(PLEADING)": "Grace. I've gotta go.   They're waiting.", "(INNOCENTLY)": "Oh. I forgot to tell? He rouses up, making her look at him.", "OPERATOR:": "I'm blind. He pulls back on the throttles. 94.", "SUPERVISOR:": "(to Selfridge) What do we do?", "INT. COMMONS": "  ", "INT. SHACK": " The top of Norm's ", "(FRUSTRATED)": "Which is what exactly? Grace's nerve fails. A rush of conflicting emotions -- the need to act, to do something, colliding with her scientific rigor.", "JAKE (RECORDED)": "They're not going to give up their home -- they're not gonna make a deal. For what? Lite beer and shopping channel? There's nothing we have that they want. We're a horror to them. We're the monsters from space. They're never going to leave Hometree. Quaritch", "(ANGUISHED)": "At first it was just orders. Then everything changed. I fell in love-- with the forest, with the Omaticaya People -- (he looks at her) -- with you. And by then, how could I", "TSUTEY:": "", "EXT. HOMETREE": "", "GUNNER:": "Roger.  ", "PILOTS (V.O.)": "Copy, switching missiles.", "EXT. RAINFOREST": "The strings are cut. Jake flops to the ground, limp. Elsewhere in the smoky Hell, Grace slumps unconscious. The crying kids pull at her. Mo'at, leading a group of Omaticaya, comes upon the scene. 111. She grabs the kids and pulls them away, leaving Grace's ", "GUARD:": "They get steak?    That's bullshit. Let me see that -- The guard bends to look into the hot cart and   --", "INT. UTILIDOR": "In the utility corridor under the base, Jake pumps the chair furiously, as the others jog. They reach an", "TROOPER:": "Dragon is down. It's off the board.", "(LOW)": "You know our chances suck.", "(SHOUTING)": "Toruk Macto!", "CROWD:": "Toruk Macto... Toruk Macto... 119. Jake walks through the crowd, straight to Neytiri at the foot of the dais. He looks into her enormous eyes, and the emotion between them is powerful and pure.", "CROWD.": "", "HANDSET --": "", "EXT. FOREST": "The troopers pivot to face -- A A smoky hell. Fires burn all around. The troopers are disorganized, falling back. Shooting at shadows. Panicked yelling fills the comm freq.", "EXT. SHACK": "", "PILOT:": "Arming.", "GUNSHIP PILOT:": "Roger that.", "EXT. LAKE": "", "JAKE (O.S.)": "It's all over Quaritch -- Quaritch turns, seeing Jake"}, "avengers-endgame-2019.pdf": {"LILA BARTON": "Why three? Who puts mayo on a hot dog? Dad?", "CLINT BARTON": "\u2018Cause two\u2019s not enough and four\u2019s too much- We\u2019ll both have mustard, hon! (to Lila) Okay.  Draw back, deep breath... She lets loose.  You shouldn\u2019t be here. I\u2019ve got a job to do. Don\u2019t. Give me hope. I don\u2019t know.  That is kind of what I\u2019ve heard- Look, are we doing this or not? No.  Not yet... (opening the door) It worked.  It worked. Reveal Steve, Smart Hulk, Nebula, Rhodey, Scott, Thor, and Rocket, looking on. Which means we\u2019ve got to pick our targets. Yeah, sure thing.  I\u2019ll do my best. (to Rhodey) Hey, can we hurry it up? Nothing.  Just...we\u2019re a long way from Budapest. Under different circumstances, this would be totally awesome. Really starting to regret my choice here. I don\u2019t think technically he\u2019s a raccoon... Creepy. Creepier. Why, because he knew your daddy\u2019s name? (under his breath) Whatever it takes... Natasha goes to Clint, resolved. Then I guess we both know who it has to be. I\u2019m starting to think we don\u2019t mean the same person. Do not get all decent on me- And I don\u2019t want you to. (beat) Nat.  You know what I\u2019ve done.  What I am now.  Your life\u2019s worth ten of mine- Maybe you should- You\u2019re a pain in my ass, you know that? She relaxes for the briefest moment.  Just then, Damn you. They hang there a long, terrible moment.  No.  Please no... The two friends stare at each other, a lifetime between them. Natasha, no- Then Natasha Romanoff kicks off the cliff wall, yanking out of Clint\u2019s grasp. She falls...  Clint dangles from the grappling hook, staring down, helpless, stifling his scream. We can\u2019t get her back. It can\u2019t be undone.  That\u2019s why. Well, I know I\u2019m a little outside my pay grade here, but, she still isn\u2019t here, is she? It can\u2019t be undone.  At least that\u2019s what the red, floating guy said.  But why don\u2019t you go talk to him, okay?  Why don\u2019t you grab your hammer and fly to that place and talk to him.  Honey? Oh, hey.  I know you. She gently takes the Gauntlet. What- Clint tries to get up, but Nebula puts a boot in his chest and A I\u2019m not even gonna ask. What do you want to do with this thing? I just wish there were some way I could let her know that we won.  That we did it.", "TONY": "This thing on?  Hey, Ms. Potts. Pep.  If you find this recording, don\u2019t post it on social media.  It\u2019s going to be a real tearjerker. Pep, I know I said no more surprises.  But, I gotta say, I was really hoping to pull off one last one.  But it looks like...well, you know what it looks like. Don\u2019t feel bad about this.  I mean, actually, if you grovel for a couple weeks, and then move on with enormous guilt...I should probably lie down for a minute, rest my eyes.  Please know, when I drift off, it will be like every day lately.  I\u2019m fine, totally fine.  I\u2019m going to dream about you.  It\u2019s always you. Tony switches the helmet off. I couldn\u2019t stop him. I lost the kid. I\u2019m not going anywhere. Where is he now? What\u2019s his deal? Until this second, I literally  thought you were a Build-a-Bear. Who told you that?  I didn\u2019t fight him, he wiped my face with a planet while a Bleecker Street magician gave away the store.  There was no fight because he\u2019s not beatable. And I needed you, as in past tense. That trumps what you need.  It\u2019s  too late, buddy.  You know what I need? Tony turns to everyone, slightly unstable. I said we\u2019d lose, you said we\u2019d \u201cdo that together, too.\u201d  Guess what, Cap, we lost, and you weren\u2019t there.  But that\u2019s what we do, right?  Our best work after the fact?  We\u2019re the \u201cAvengers\u201d, not the \u201cPre-vengers-\u201d I\u2019ve got nothing for ya, Cap.  No coordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options.  Zero, zip, nada.  No trust. (rips out Morgan You should not be wearing that.  It\u2019s part of a special anniversary gift I made for Mom.  You thinking about lunch? Tony gently takes the helmet off, revealing A You like going in the garage?  So does Daddy.  It\u2019s all right.  Mommy never wears what I buy her. I just want to thank you folks for dropping by.  It\u2019s not every day one gets to contemplate biting it on an inter-dimensional timescape. So you\u2019re calling it a plan.  To me, it sounds like an exotic suicide method.  Not to mention, it\u2019s impossible. Quantum fluctuation kinda messes with the Planck Scale, which then triggers the Deutsch Proposition, can we agree on that? (offering more tea) Chai? (back on message) In layman\u2019s terms, it means you can cancel your Netflix subscription because you\u2019re not coming home. Which was a billion-to-one cosmic  fluke.  Now you want to pull a-  What are you calling it? Oh, of course, a time heist, why didn\u2019t we think of this before?  Right, because it\u2019s a pipe dream.  Who are you again? Or screw it up worse than he already has. Gotta say it.  Sometimes I\u2019ve missed that giddy optimism.  Sadly, all your high hopes won\u2019t help me if there\u2019s no logical, tangible way for me to safely execute said \u201ctime heist.\u201d  I believe the most likely outcome would be our collective demise. Stop, Scott.  Stop.  Are you telling me that your plan to save the universe is more than loosely based on Back to the Future? Good.  Because that would be horseshit.  Scientifically speaking, your brother\u2019s picture doesn\u2019t disappear just \u2018cause you went to the dance with your mom. That\u2019s not how quantum physics works. We did stand.  And yet here we are. Please don\u2019t- Fine. No, Scott.  I won\u2019t.  Even. Suddenly, Good job.  I\u2019m saved. (to Steve) I wish you were coming here to ask me something else.  I\u2019m honestly happy to see you.  If you want to stay- Steve tries one last time. Friday, you up? All right, give me the eigenvalue of that particle, factoring in spectral decomp.  Run it.  That\u2019ll take a second.  And don\u2019t worry if it doesn\u2019t pan out, I\u2019m just kind of... (in awe) Shit. What are you doing up? First of all, that\u2019s a Mommy word, she coined it. I just had something on my mind. You done? (finishing her popsicle) Now you are. Once upon a time, Maguna went to bed.  The end. Love you tons. Wow, that\u2019s a lot. Tony turns out the light, exits. What\u2019re you reading? I think I solved it. Pepper looks up. Time travel. Yeah. To say the least. He sits beside her.  She stares, I know- I can\u2019t help everybody. Not if I stopped right here. (getting out of the car) Thank god, I\u2019m here.  Regardless, I fixed it. He holds up...HIS We\u2019ve got a shot at the Stones.  I just need you to know my priorities.  Bring back everyone we lost, hopefully.  Keep what I found, definitely .  And, let\u2019s not die trying. Steve looks at Tony.  Finally, he offers his hand. But wait, there\u2019s more.   Act now, and it comes with a bonus offer. Tony pops the trunk.  Steve stares, moved, at...HIS What\u2019s to know?  He made it for you.  Plus, I gotta get it out of the garage before Morgan takes it sledding. Steve finally picks up the shield, Just don\u2019t flaunt it.  I didn\u2019t bring enough for the whole team.We are getting the whole team, right? And you\u2019re only in there because you have tiny hands. Thank you. Tell me something good... Clint looks up, tearful.  He holds out I think you mean nearly been killed by one of the six Infinity Stones. Our history.  Not all of them are going to be a fun drop-in. Cross between ear-nose-and-throat and rabbit-from-hat. Sullivan and Bleecker.  They\u2019re cross streets. (to Smart Hulk) All right, you heard the man. Stroke those keys, Jolly Green. Smart Hulk taps in commands with Okay, Park Avenue\u2019s that way.  Let\u2019s huddle up.  Suits off. They all touch their cuffs, Ball\u2019s in play.  Head\u2019s up, Cap. From hiding, Tony eyes  You\u2019re small but you\u2019re talking loud. All right, you\u2019re up, Little Buddy.  There\u2019s our stone Window\u2019s closing.  Pull my plug. We\u2019ve got a problem. You\u2019re not helping- Okay, okay, Loki\u2019s from Asgard, he\u2019s comfortable there.  Knows the restaurants.  It\u2019s a safe bet he visits home.  If we can just grab This-Thor and explain the situation, he and I can fly- I got it!  There\u2019s another way to re-take the Tesseract, and acquire new particles. (to Steve) Military installation, Garden State. Steve eyes Tony, I have a vaguely exact idea. I know they were there, and I know how I know. All right, suits on.  Try these coordinates. 04-07-19-70... You trust me? (looking around) All right.  If I was Good luck with that mission, Captain. Come on, you little hexahedron, where are you hiding? Finally, he spots A No, sir.  Just visiting from Howard... Potts. That\u2019d be swell. Tony distractedly walks away, leaving the briefcase. Congratulations. How far along is she? I have a little girl. Would that be so bad? Got any names, yet? You might let that stew a while. You\u2019ve got time. Yeah.  I guess. Wildly. I pieced it together as I went along.  I thought about what my dad did... I tried to hold onto the good stuff.  Dad dropped the odd pearl, here and there. \u201cNo amount of money ever bought a second of time.\u201d You\u2019re going to do fine, Howard. Count on it... As he gets into his car, Howard looks to Jarvis. Do we know if she had family? Whoa, whoa, what are you doing- Hold on, hold on- That thing is channeling enough energy to light up a continent. You\u2019re in no condition- Good to go? Okay, remember, everyone Thanos snapped away five years ago, you\u2019re just bringing them back... to today . Don\u2019t change anything from the last five years.  Got it? Friday, why don\u2019t you go ahead and activate Barn Door Protocol ? Don\u2019t move him! Then You lose this again, I\u2019m keeping it. Told you.  We messed with time.  Time messed back. Woozy, Steve follows Tony through the ruins of the lab. I read life signs, maybe 800 feet down, but it\u2019s hard to tell. They reach the edge of the crater where Yeah. Somewhere under all of this.  All I know is...he doesn\u2019t have \u2018em. Don\u2019t think I care. Yep.  We\u2019re all kinds of stubborn. There\u2019s no way to send them back.   Thanos destroyed our time machine. Doc.  You said we win one in 14 million.  Is this how it goes down? You better be right. Tony rockets away.  Strange coolly watches him go. Friday, what are they firing at? And I...am Iron Man.", "NEBULA": "It was fun. Thanos spent a long time trying to...perfect me.  When he worked, he talked.  About his Great Plan.  Even disassembled, I wanted to please him.  I\u2019d ask, where would we go once his plan was complete?  His answer was always the Planet is unnamed, but inhabitable. Rich atmosphere, good soil- That\u2019s enough. The Avengers exchange a look. My father is many things.  A liar is not one of them. That\u2019s not how it works. Exactly. Thanos found the Soul Stone on Vormir. A dominion of death at the very center of celestial existence. (beat) It\u2019s the place where Thanos murdered my sister. That hangs heavily.  A moment passes.  Then... Let\u2019s take cover.  We\u2019re not the only ones in this reality looking for the stones. My father.  My sister.  And me. Yes. Quill spins, arms out, eyes shut.  When the horizon finally settles...he sees A Do you hear me complaining? Nebula rifles through Quill\u2019s sack.  She pulls out The tool of a thief.  Come on. They set out toward the What are you talking about? I wasn\u2019t always like this. He sees actual emotion somewhere inside her.  Favor his exoskeletal leg braces as he softens. He knows... I\u2019m you- You could stop this.  You know you want to. (off Gamora\u2019s look) Did you see what happens in the future?  Thanos finds the Soul Stone. What do you want? I try to kill you.  Several times.  But, eventually...we become friends.  We become sisters. A lot of things that happen will be hard to believe. Gamora nearly smiles.  She takes a long look at Nebula.  Finally...SHE You don\u2019t have to do this. You\u2019ve seen what we become- You can change. Bad Nebula struggles, her face a twisted grimace. Your choices were him or a tree. Sounds fair.", "TONY (O.S.)": "I don\u2019t know if you\u2019re ever going to see these.  I don\u2019t even know if you\u2019re still...God, I hope so.  Today\u2019s day twenty-one, no...twenty-two. You know, if it wasn\u2019t for the existential terror of staring into the literal void of space, I\u2019d say I\u2019m feeling a little better today.  Infection\u2019s run its course, thanks to the Blue Meanie back there.  You\u2019d like her.  She\u2019s very practical.  And only a tiny bit sadistic. The fuel cells were cracked during battle, but we figured out a way to reverse the ion charge.  Bought ourselves about 48 hours of flight time.  Problem is that was about...49 hours ago. Which means, we\u2019re dead in the water.  A thousand light years from the nearest 7-11. Most of the quote-unquote \u2018food\u2019 and potable water ran out two weeks ago. Out like a light.  Don\u2019t know how much she loves you but she loves me three thousand. Out of the way, Lebowski. Thor shuffles aside as Tony blows past. Okay, Cap, I make ten of them, just passing the 80th floor. Already on my way. You weren\u2019t actually born here, right? Everybody wants a happy ending. But it doesn\u2019t always roll that way.  Maybe this time. On Cassie\u2019s porch, God, what a world.  Universe, now. If you\u2019d told me ten years ago that we weren\u2019t alone, let alone to this extent, I probably wouldn\u2019t have been surprised.  But come on... Who knew what epic forces of dark and light would come into play?  For better or worse, that\u2019s the reality our children get to grow up in. They throw themselves into his arms.  He kisses their heads, tears in his eyes.  Finally, he looks up to see...", "TIME CUT:": "Steve races up as Scott walks up to the obelisks.  At the top, they Tony and Morgan exit the woods.  Suddenly, Tony stops. In the driveway,  Clint and Natasha board the Benatar.  Rhodey and Nebula remain on the planet\u2019s surface.    ", "STEVE": "That\u2019s great.  You\u2019ve already done the hardest part.  You took a jump, didn\u2019t know where you\u2019d come down.  And that\u2019s it, those little brave baby steps we\u2019ve gotta take.  To try to make us feel whole again, to find a purpose... (to everyone) I went into the ice right after I met the love of my life.  Woke up seventy years later and...had to keep going. The group takes this in .16 And see a friend. She leave the house today? I spotted a pod of whales coming over the bridge. Sorry.  Force of habit. I guess I don\u2019t know how not to. I keep telling them, move on.  Grow past it.  And some of them actually do.  But not us. Maybe it doesn\u2019t need to be done. Natasha takes that in.   Steve is thinking of giving up.   She looks around at Avengers Compound. I think we both need to get a life. This an old message? Scott, what are you talking about? Wait...wait.  Scott.  Are you talking about a time machine? Tony, after what you\u2019ve seen, is anything really impossible? Tony, the Stones exist in the past.  We could get them and bring them here. I don\u2019t believe we would. Tony stares at Steve, a lot of water under the bridge. Tony, I get it.  And I\u2019m happy for you.  I am.  But this is a second chance. He\u2019s not wrong. No.  I want to do it right. (beat) We\u2019re going to need a really big brain. He\u2019s heard. So, Bruce, about what we said- Breakers are set, emergency generator\u2019s on stand-by. Good luck, Scott.  You\u2019ve got this. It\u2019s a baby. As a baby! Smart Hulk hits a button.  Baby Scott disappears. Among other things. You did. Me, too. Something eases between them, for the first time in years. Sounds like a deal. They shake.  This is a long time coming.  Finally... Thank you, Tony. Tony chokes up, then covers by slamming the trunk. We\u2019re trying. Okay.  Now that we\u2019ve got how, we\u2019re going to need where and when. Exactly. (he taps Okay, we have a plan.  Six stones, three teams, one shot. He steps away, revealing the board... We lost friends.  We lost family. We lost a part of ourselves. (beat) But today we have a chance to take it all back. Steve takes in the groupings of We\u2019ve all got our assignments.  Two stones uptown, one stone down.  Stay low, keep an eye on time- Just then, Change of plans. Steve glances at Rumlow, who\u2019s holding Rumlow. The doors close.  Everyone rides in silence.  Tension mounts. We\u2019ve had word there might be an attempt to steal it. Steve reaches for the scepter, but Rumlow holds tight. Oh, great. I\u2019m not Loki.  And I don\u2019t want to hurt you. Forgot about that one. They grapple.  Both their shields fall to the ground... Yeah, I know... They battle on.   That is America\u2019s ass. How could you lose it? Loki could be anywhere in the universe.  We\u2019d be old men before we found him. As Steve and Scott debate, But if we don\u2019t try, nobody else comes home, either. When were they both there? How vague? Looks like we\u2019re improvising. Scott, take this back to the Compound. The idea of me was. In plain sight. Steve nods at A Good luck with your project, Doctor. Tony ducks out.  The doors close.  The Agent turns to Steve. Not exactly. Clint?  Are you okay? Clint stares, haunted.  Yeah.  Us. Thor turns, thrown. We will. Thor, we haven\u2019t decided who\u2019s putting that on. And how do we know you can? Bruce, you okay? Bruce! What happened? Where are the others? Son of a bitch. Where are the stones? So we keep it that way. That lands.  This is their chance. Born out of blood. Thanos studies Steve as if seeing him for the first time. Avengers...assemble. Get those stones as far away as possible! Get it started.  We\u2019ll get the stones to you. Hey, Queens!  Heads up! Me, too. You\u2019re a good man, Sam.  But this one\u2019s on me. When Steve reaches the platform, It\u2019s going to be okay, Buck. Steve picks up Mjolnir and takes his place on the platform. You bet.", "PEPPER POTTS": "Stay here, you stay right here- That\u2019s up there. Just so we\u2019re both talking about the same thing- That\u2019s amazing. And terrifying. We got really lucky- Not everybody did. Except, it sort of seems like you can. Tony, trying to get you to stop is one of the few failures of my life. But could you rest? Hang on, kid.  I\u2019ve got you. She drags him above the fray, then tosses him to...VALKYRIE Hey, Friday, what\u2019ve we got? Tony, look at me.  We\u2019re going to be okay... He stares at her, tears welling.  I\u2019m sorry. She touches his face, then leans in to kiss him.", "RHODEY": "It\u2019s been twenty-three days since Thanos came to Earth. Tony, take it easy... Bruce gave him a sedative.  Should be out the rest of the day. You\u2019re saying Thanos had a retirement plan. Because he killed all our friends. He\u2019s still got the stones. Hey, new girl.  All of us in here are about that superhero life.  Where\u2019ve you been all this time? He\u2019s lying. Federal\u00e9s found a room full of bodies outside Juarez.  Cartel guys.  Guns still in their pants. Time travel suit, I like it. Hang on, I\u2019ve got to ask, if we can do this, why don\u2019t we just go find baby Thanos and, you know... Rhodey makes a Star Trek.  Terminator.  Bill and Ted\u2019s Excellent- Excuse me? Scott leans over, I\u2019m pretty sure he\u2019s dead. That\u2019s it, right on that line, Blue.  Keep dropping it. Nearby, All that?  Really helpful! Get that stone and come back.  No messing around.  You guys watch each other\u2019s six. So, all we have to do is hang out, wait for this Quill guy, and follow him to the Power Stone, right? Hey, who are you talking about right now?  Who else is looking for the stones? You?  Where are you? So, he\u2019s an idiot. Sorry about that.  I know you guys were teammates and everything. What is that? Hang on.  This would be about the time the spikes come out, you know, with the skeletons still on them? I\u2019m just saying, when you break into a place called, \u201cThe Temple of the Power Stone\u201d, there are usually... Ahead, they see...THE Yeah, me either.  I guess we do the best with what we\u2019ve got, huh? Are you telling me that actually worked? Cheez Whiz? Canopy!  Canopy! Rhodey\u2019s suit See you on the other side, man. They take a last breath,", "NATASHA": "World governments are in pieces, as you can imagine.  But the parts that still work are trying to take a census.  It looks like he did what he said he was going to do. Hey, hey, hang on.  We\u2019re sort of a team here.  Between you and me, morale\u2019s a little fragile. If there\u2019s even the smallest chance we can undo this, then we owe it to everyone who\u2019s not sitting here to try. Everyone looks around the room...AGREED. This is going to work, Steve. Where are the stones? And? (to Okoye) You get a reading on those tremors? Do we have a visual?  How are you handling it? Thanks.  Carol, you\u2019re still coming our way next month? All right.  Everybody keep keeping their eyes open.  This channel\u2019s always active.  Anything goes sideways, anyone makes trouble where they shouldn\u2019t, it comes through me. They ad lib their goodbyes as they sign off, except Rhodey. Okay... Could be a rival hit- Find out where\u2019s he going next. Rhodey nods, signing off.  Natasha sits there, Come by to do your laundry? Your friend\u2019s fine. Nothing out there I particularly want to see. (dubious) In the Hudson. If you\u2019re about to tell me to look on the bright side, I\u2019m about to hit you with a peanut butter sandwich. Steve relents, I don\u2019t know how you do it. Steve bites into the uneaten half of her sandwich. Me, neither. After a long moment, Steve looks up at her, honest. If I move on, who does this? I used to have nothing.  Then I got this.  This job, this family.  And I was better because of it. She chokes slightly, collecting herself. (stunned) It\u2019s the front gate. Only to make conversation. Steve glances at her.  She shrugs. Scott, I get emails from a raccoon.  Nothing\u2019s crazy anymore. We have to take a stand. He\u2019s scared. No one blamed you, Bruce. You pulled this off.  I remember a time that was impossible, too. He considers, then finally relents, pulling out his phone. He was kidding. (to Hulk) You were kidding, right? Is that Scott? Bruce!  Get it under control.  What the hell is going on? Oh, my God. Neither should you. That what you\u2019re calling this? She moves even closer.  He stiffens. Don\u2019t what? I\u2019m just sorry I couldn\u2019t give it sooner. Are you all right?  Hey, look at me.  You okay? Is he asleep? And that is...? So this \u2018Time Stone\u2019 guy...what kind of doctor was he? Wait, he lived in New York?  Guys, pick the right year and there were three stones in New York. See you in a minute. Yeah, come on, chop chop, we\u2019re on the clock, here. Take care of yourself. What? (pushing the throttle) Further every second. Yeah.  I\u2019m gonna bet the raccoon didn\u2019t have to climb a mountain. Who are you? Great.  You show us where it is, and we\u2019ll be on our way. The figure removes his hood, revealing... The Stone is down there? I don\u2019t think so. I didn\u2019t. (off his look) Thanos left here with the stone, and without his daughter.  You really think that\u2019s a coincidence? They both look out at the well, heavy. If we don\u2019t get the stone, billions of people are going to stay dead. For the last five years, I\u2019ve been trying to do one thing -- get to right here.  This is all it\u2019s been about.  Bringing everybody back. You think I want to do it?  I\u2019m trying to save your life, you idiot- I don\u2019t judge people by their worst mistakes- You didn\u2019t. That stops him.  He looks in her eyes, then down, giving in. Tell them yourself. Let me go. It\u2019s okay...", "NATASHA (CONT'D)": "Thanos wiped out fifty percent of all the living creatures on Earth. What\u2019s up?  Where are you? And even though they\u2019re gone, I\u2019m still trying to be...better. Killing these people isn\u2019t going to bring your family back. (beat) We found something.  A chance, maybe... (under her breath) Whatever it takes...", "CAROL DANVERS": "Not just Earth. You never have to ask me that. (heading for the lab) Take care of him.  When I come back, I\u2019ll bring a bottle of Xorrian elixir. To kill Thanos. Oh, I\u2019m sorry.  My fault. Carol sees Steve and Rhodey catch up.  She claps her hands. I know people who might- So, we take them.  And we use them to bring everybody back. Because before you didn\u2019t have me. There\u2019s a lot of people in the universe.  And they didn\u2019t all have you. Trust me.  You get used to it. I\u2019ll head down for recon.  If I\u2019m not back in fifteen, you\u2019ll know I found him. Answer the question!", "ROCKET (O.S.)": "He\u2019s pissed. Tony turns to see Rocket for the first time.", "ROCKET(CONT'D)": "He thinks he failed.  Which, of course, he did.  But there\u2019s a lot of that going around, ain\u2019t there? Until two days ago. Oh, you\u2019re gonna hate this. You think you\u2019re the only one who\u2019s lost people?  What do you think we\u2019re doing here?  I lost the only family I ever had.   Quill, Groot, Drax, the chick with the antenna.  All gone.  I\u2019ve lived five meaningless years without them, and every minute has blown Aaskvarian gornads.  I get you miss your mom.  But she\u2019s gone.  Really gone. There are plenty of people who are only kind of gone.  And you can help them.  So, is it too much to ask that you brush the crumbs out of your beard, make shmoopy talk to Prettypants, and when she\u2019s not looking, suck out the Infinity Stone, and help me get my family back? Thor? (holding his temples) Oh, yeah!", "TONY(CONT'D)": "I need a shave and a burger, not a bowl of soup. (stands) And I believe I remember telling all of you, alive and otherwise, that we needed a suit of armor around the world, whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not- Where\u2019d you find this? That is a fully-functioning, time-space Hey, Ratchet, you get lost in there? You may not know it now, but someday you\u2019re going to be a real pain-in-the-ass. Just then...THE What\u2019s he been doing? What am I even tripping for? Everything is going to work out exactly the way it\u2019s supposed to. I love you 3000. He switches off the camera, vanishing. Tears streaming, Pepper kisses Morgan\u2019s forehead.", "NEBULA (O.S.)": "Don\u2019t bother. They all turn to see My father is many things.  A liar is not one of them.", "NEBULA(CONT'D)": "I can tell you where Thanos is. You want to know how he does that?  You want to know what he does to you-", "ROCKET": "When Thanos snapped his fingers, Earth become ground zero for a power surge of ridiculously cosmic proportions.  No one\u2019s seen anything like it. He shifts the map, crossing billions of light years, to...AN Are we saying they\u2019re dead?  We\u2019re using that word now? Okay, who here hasn\u2019t been to space? What did you do? Thor just stares, his long journey a failure. Hey, Humie.  Where\u2019s Big Green? Finally.  I ain\u2019t got all day. What the heck are they looking at? Yeah, I\u2019m sure that\u2019s it.  Kind of a step down from golden palaces and magic hammers... Hey. We\u2019re definitely here to see him. Something died in here. Yeah, I\u2019m good. (under his breath) You look like melted ice cream- Don\u2019t.  Care.  Dude. At least they\u2019re alive- There\u2019s beer in the ship. Fixed it. Get used to saying that. Holy crap.  We\u2019re freaking time travelers. Quill said he stole the Power Stone from Morag. He paces on top of the table, past It\u2019s a planet.  Quill was a person. He\u2019s pretty good at that... Scott nods enthusiastically. You promise to bring that thing back in one piece? Okay, here\u2019s the deal.  You\u2019re going to charm her, and I\u2019m going to poke her with this thing, extract the Reality Stone, and get gone lickety-split. Thor looks off in the other direction, anxious. Who\u2019s the fancy broad? Oh, jeez. Thor starts to sweat. Good. Great. As Rocket scurries to Jane\u2019s door, Thor murmurs to himself. (peering through keyhole) All right, heartbreaker.  This is our shot... Rocket turns to find...THOR I got it I got it I got it! A (to Frigga) Hi.  You must be Mom. (to Thor, re. the device) I got the thing.  Come on, we gotta move- Thor looks to Frigga. Three...two- What am I looking at? All right.  The glove\u2019s ready.  Question is, who\u2019s gonna snap their freaking fingers? Everyone stares a beat.  Then, Maybe I was getting around to it- No good.  Couldn\u2019t even...find a hole...small enough to abandon you through. Suddenly, Smart Hulk snarls in pain as At least we\u2019re going out together this time... Just wait for it. Move it or lose it, Hairbag.", "BRUCE BANNER": "Thanos is there.  And he just used the stones. Steve eyes everyone.  Just like that? You murdered trillions. You used them two days ago!", "THOR": "I like this one. Steve stares at the planet a long, deciding moment.  Then... I went for the head. As Thor walks away, Steve looks at Thanos\u2019 head on the ground.   Hulk, you know my boys, Korg and Miek, right? Noobmaster again? Noobmaster, this is Thor, again. God of Thunder.  This is your last warning.  Log off this game or I will come to your basement, rip off your arms and shove them up your butt. (handing the headset back) Right, who wants a drink?42 Don\u2019t I look all right? So, what\u2019s up?  Just here for a hang? Like the cable?  It\u2019s driving me bananas. Don\u2019t say that name. Scared?  Why would I be scared of that guy?  I\u2019m the one who killed that guy, remember? (looking around) Anyone else here kill that guy? Not.  Cool.  Man. Was it Natasha? Ask the Asgardians down there how much \u201cmy help\u201d is worth. They were gods!  Now they\u2019re fisherpeople! (sagging into a chair) The ones that are left, anyway. (beat) What kind? The Aether\u2019s not a stone, it\u2019s more of an angry sludge.  My grandfather hid it from Dark Elves in a rock between dimensions that can only be accessed every 5000 years. That\u2019s Jane. Um, I\u2019ll be right back.  The wine cellar is just down here.  My father used to have this barrel of Aakonian ale.  Felt like getting hit in the face with a poleaxe. I\u2019ll see if the scullery has a couple of to-go cups- They hear My mother.  She dies today. I can\u2019t do this.  This is a bad idea.  I can\u2019t do this... Rocket climbs onto a marble monument. I guess not. Thank you.  I can do this. I can do this...I can do this... (beat) I can\u2019t do this... Mother!  What?  Nothing.  Hello. I always wear this.  It\u2019s one of my favorites. Oh, that.  You remember the...Battle of Harokin.  I took a...broadsword to the face? He trails off, at a loss, staring at his dead mom.  Frigga gently lays her hand on his cheek...READING Yes, I am- I\u2019m totally from the future. I need to talk to you. ...and then it was done.  His head over there.  Body over there.  And me in the middle.  Just an idiot with an axe. Yeah, I guess. That\u2019s a little harsh- Okay, maybe just stop talking. I\u2019m not supposed to be like everyone else, though. I\u2019ve really missed you, Mum. Mum, I have to tell you something- I wish we had more time- No.  Wait. (relieved) Still worthy. Mother and son look at each other for the last time. Why are you doing that? Why are we talking as if she\u2019s dead?  We have the stones.  Bring her back.  C\u2019mon, stop this shit. Clint squeezes away tears. What\u2019s he talking about?  Of course, we can. No offense, but you\u2019re...a very earthly being.  We\u2019re talking about space magic, here.  \u201cCan\u2019t\u201d seems a little definitive, don\u2019t you think? That\u2019s my point- I\u2019ll do it. Oh.  Were all of you just waiting for the right opportunity? Staring at the thing isn\u2019t going to bring everybody back, is it?  Look, I\u2019m the strongest Avenger.  It\u2019s my responsibility.  Fate wills it so. Stop it!  Let me do this.  Let me do something good.  Something right- What do you think is coursing through my veins right now? Lightning. Smart Hulk steps toward the Gauntlet. What\u2019s happening?  Take it off, take if off! Absolutely nothing. The three of them stare a long moment.  Then, as if sensing them, Thanos turns his head...AND Just so we\u2019re all in agreement. Thor holds out his I...knew...it... No.  You take the little one. Elsewhere, About that... They already have one.  And she\u2019s a far better king than I could ever be. It\u2019s time to be who I am, rather than who I\u2019m supposed to be.  And a leader is who you are. She processes this.  Does she want it?  She does. I\u2019m counting on it, Your Majesty. Emotional, Val finally I\u2019m not entirely sure.  For the first time in a thousand years, I have no path. (beat) But I do have a ride. Home sweet home.  Tree!  Good to see you.  The Asgardians of the Galaxy, together again. He settles beside Quill, who holomaps their course. Of course.  Of course... Thor swipes the map again. Quail, that\u2019s your own insecurities bubbling up. There\u2019ll be no knifing young Quail today.  Everyone knows who\u2019s in charge. A long awkward moment passes.", "SLAM TO:": "", "THANOS": "In all my years of conquest... Thanos looks out at the tiny human struggling to stand. I don\u2019t even know who you are. I am...inevitable.", "GRIEVING MAN": "So, I went on a date the other day. Thank you, Jimmy. (to the group) First in five years.  I sat there at dinner thinking, what are we even supposed to talk about? Same old crap.  How much things have changed.  How much we miss the Mets.  My job, his job.  Then it got kind of quiet.  He cried during the salads. I cried just before dessert.  But I\u2019m seeing him again tomorrow.  So...", "JIMMY": "Good job, Bobby.  Back in the game.", "OLDER MAN": "What about you?", "STEVE(CONT'D)": "The world\u2019s been left in our hands. If we don\u2019t do something with it...then Thanos might as well have killed all of us. People nod, but Steve seems unconvinced by his own words. Most folks here have encountered at least one of the six Infinity Stones- You have your teams and you have assignments.  Get your stone, and get back here.  One round trip each.  No mistakes.  No do-overs. He grips Most of us are going back to places we know.  That doesn\u2019t mean we know what to expect.  Be careful.  Look out for each other.  Improvise, if you have to. (looking around) This is the fight of our lives.  And we\u2019re going to win. (beat) Whatever it takes. The platform stays quiet.  Rocket And Bruce?  Maybe smash a few things along the way.  For appearances. I got a call from the Secretary\u2019s office.  I\u2019m going to be running point on the scepter. Behind him, Sitwell and Rumlow exchange a glance. Hail Hydra. What other options did we have on the Tesseract? Don\u2019t do anything stupid \u2018til I get back, okay?", "SCOTT LANG": "Hello? He hears A What? (realizing) Cassie... Cassie!  Cassie! Peanut? Scott wraps his arms around What?  Yes. He turns to Well, five years ago, just before this Thanos guy...I went into a place called the Quantum Realm.  It\u2019s like its own microscopic universe.  You can only get there if you\u2019re incredibly small.  Hope,  she\u2019s my...she was supposed to pull me out.  But then Thanos happened.  And I was stuck in there. (getting excited) Okay, but that\u2019s the thing.  It wasn\u2019t.  For me, it was only five hours.  The rules in the Quantum Realm aren\u2019t like out here.  They\u2019re completely unpredictable. Is anybody gonna eat that sandwich? Time works differently in the Quantum Realm. Steve and Natasha share a look. No, not a machine.  More like a... (searches, then gives up) Yeah, like a time machine.  I know it sounds crazy... So, who do we talk to about this? We know what it sounds like. I did. A time heist. Still Scott... Not if we strictly follow the rules of time travel.  No talking to our past selves.  No betting on sporting events- (meaning \u201cyes\u201d) No... Tony- I get that you\u2019ve got a lot on the line, here.  You\u2019ve got a wife.  A daughter.  But I lost someone very important - a lot of us did - and now we have a chance to save her, and everyone else, and you won\u2019t even- What are we gonna do?  We need him. You want to stop? Bigger than his? No, that\u2019s not what I\u2019m- But why ? Okay.  But how did...this happen? You\u2019re sure these modifications are safe? He looks over to...SMART Because the guy who invented this thing is pretty much a genius- Yeah.  And you look like that on purpose. Excuse me? Perfectly not confusing. (inspired) Yes, I do, Captain America.  Yes, Uh, guys?  This doesn\u2019t feel right. Oh, my back! Somebody peed my pants.  I don\u2019t know if it was baby-me or old-me. Or just me-me. Um, kitchen, I think. Scott tries a smile at Nebula.  She just hits her Oh, my God! Easy, easy.  Careful with those. You\u2019re being very Hulky- Scott takes the tubes from him and inserts them, himself. Sure, we can.  We take the stones before Thanos gets them, then he doesn\u2019t have them.  Problem solved. Apparently, Back to the Future is bullshit. I haven\u2019t. (off their looks) Just...saying. Wait, like a planet...in space? Rocket pinches Scott\u2019s cheek. Not it. Who are these guys? Seriously?  \u2018Cause it\u2019s kind of obvious they\u2019re bad guys. All right.  Flick me. Tony flicks Scott with a finger, sending him sailing into the That doesn\u2019t actually sound minor- Tony sees Here goes... That wasn\u2019t supposed to happen, was it? You said we only had one shot. This was our shot.  We shot it.  It was six stones or nothing!  Six stones- You ruined the Time Heist! Whoa, whoa.  We don\u2019t have any other options.  We can\u2019t go to any other times.  No do-overs!  We\u2019ve only got one particle left, each.  Use it now, that\u2019s it, bye-bye, we don\u2019t come home. Hang on, what\u2019s in New Jersey? Wait!  What are you improvising? Steve- Cap- Captain America, if you do this and he\u2019s wrong...you\u2019re not coming back. Steve and Tony let the weight of that sink in.  He\u2019s right. Even so, Tony turns to Steve. Guys, I think it- Wait, what...? Top floor, everybody out! Hold on! (shrinking to normal size) That wasn\u2019t our only time machine. He clicks the Uh, maybe ten minutes. (digging around) Ignition\u2019s broken.  I\u2019ll hotwire it- I was in prison.  I know how to do a lot of things. Thirty seconds! Thanos understands immediately.  ", "CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK-CLACK...": "", "CASSIE LANG": "Dad? I thought you were gone.", "ROCKET (HOLO)": "We boarded that \u201chighly suspect warship\u201d Danvers pinged. So thanks for the hot tip- And now we smell like garbage- Getting another haircut?", "NEBULA (HOLO)": "It was an infectious garbage scow.", "OKOYE (HOLO)": "Minor subduction in the African plate.", "RHODEY (HOLO)": "I can have Mexico.  Got some news. So, all we have to do is hang out, wait for this Quill guy, and follow him to the Power Stone, right? He\u2019s lying.", "RHODEY(CONT'D)": "What he\u2019s done here...what he\u2019s been doing...I got to tell you, part of me doesn\u2019t want to find him. Natasha just stares a long beat. Traps and stuff. (Nebula steps inside) Okay, don\u2019t say I didn\u2019t warn you. Rhodey scans the laser web, strategizing. These are photovoltaic lasers on a constantly shifting matrix.  Gonna be damn near impossible to neutralize unless we- Hang on!", "STEVE (O.S.)": "I\u2019d offer to cook you dinner but you seem sad enough already. Natasha turns to see Scott, are you okay? Five years ago, we lost.  All of us. Got it.  Head to the lobby.", "MORGAN STARK": "Define lunch or be disintegrated. Garage. Tony picks her up, walking toward the house. Mommy told me to come save you. Tony takes Morgan into his arms and heads inside. Shit. Why are you up? Was it juice pops? Tell me a story. That was a bad story. He runs his hand over her hair. Love you three thousand. Uh, huh. Cheeseburgers? Happy takes a beat, choked up.  Like father like daughter.", "SMART HULK": "Where\u2019s Nat? (everyone stares) Lightning won\u2019t help you, pal.  It\u2019s gotta be me. (approaching) You saw what those stones did to Thanos.  They almost killed him . None of you could survive. We don\u2019t.  But the radiation\u2019s mostly gamma. (beat) It\u2019s like I was made for this... Let\u2019s do it. Got it. (under his breath) Everybody\u2019s coming home... I\u2019m...okay... Did it work ? They pause, as if it only just now occurred to them.  Rhodey.  Rocket.  Get out of here. Save yourselves.  No!  We need to send them back where they came from. Remember, you\u2019ll have to return the stones to the exact moment they were taken.  Otherwise, we\u2019re still looking at a whole bunch of nasty alternate realities. You know, I tried.  When I had the gauntlet.  I really tried to bring her back. (beat) I miss her. You\u2019d better get going.  We\u2019re almost ready for you. Steve and Sam approach the platform. For him, as long as he needs.  For us, five seconds. (calling out) Ready, Cap?  You\u2019re good to go.  Meet you right back here, okay? Steve glances at Bucky as he answers. Going Quantum in three, two, one. I don\u2019t know.  He blew past our time stamp.  He should be here. I\u2019m trying. ", "KID": "Mr. Hulk?  Can we get a picture?", "FRIDAY": "Yes, sir. Processing. The model forms. Model rendered.", "SCRAPING SOUND.": "", "VALKYRIE (O.S.)": "You shouldn\u2019t have come.", "VALKYRIE": "Yeah.  But you\u2019re not going to like where it\u2019s parked. So when can we expect you back? Thor, your people need a king. Are you serious? You know, I\u2019d make a lot of changes around here. What will you do?", "THOR(CONT'D)": "Cinemax went out two days ago, and the sports are all...fuzzy... Or...by Jane.  She stuck her hand in a rock.  Then the Aether stuck itself inside her.  Then I took her to Asgard.  We were dating... (depressed) We\u2019re not anymore. Everyone stares. Goodbye, Mum. Let\u2019s kill him properly this time. All right, where first? He swipes through images on the screen.", "KORG": "Beer\u2019s in the bucket.  Feel free to log on to the WiFi. Thor!  This kid on the NoobMaster69 called me a dickhead- Thor snatches Yeah, we don\u2019t say that name in here. Smart Hulk looks down at Stormbreaker? Thor uncaps a whiskey bottle. ", "AKIHIKO": "(Japanese, subtitled) Why are you doing this?  We never did anything to you! We hurt people?   You\u2019re crazy. Ronin slashes Akihiko\u2019s throat.  The man drops to his knees.", "RONIN": "(Japanese, subtitled) You survived.  Half the planet didn\u2019t.  They got Thanos.  You get me. Akihiko attacks.  Ronin slashes him across the middle. What I want...you can\u2019t give me. Ronin finishes him off. ", "RONIN(CONT'D)": "(Japanese, subtitled) You\u2019re done hurting people. Akihiko gestures at the bodies in the street.", "AKIHIKO (CONT'D)": "Wait!  Help me!  I\u2019ll give you anything!  What do you want?", "DISSOLVE TO:": "   ", "ANCIENT ONE": "Yes, I suppose that would be the case- You\u2019re about five years too early. Stephen Strange is currently performing surgery, 20 blocks that way.  What do you want with him? He finally notices Ah.  I\u2019m afraid not. You don\u2019t want to do this. Now.  Let\u2019s start over, shall we? And yet, you\u2019re the one currently standing in the middle of my hydrangeas. Banner looks down to see, indeed, he has phased through the middle of the hydrangeas.  He steps out of it. At what cost? You\u2019re leaving out the most important part, though.  In order to put the stones back, you\u2019d have to survive. What did you say? Willingly?  Why? Or I did. The Ancient One looks out over a recovering I fear you may be right... Finally, she waves her hand and...WHOOSH!  I\u2019m counting on you, Bruce. (re. the city behind her) We all are.", "ASTRAL BANNER": "No, no, no- She topples Smart Hulk\u2019s body with one finger.  Whump. Yeah, with all due respect, I\u2019m not sure the science supports that. Lady, I just want to borrow your necklace- No.  But it can erase it. Astral Banner reaches in and grabs We will.  I will.  I promise. Yeah?  Then why the hell did Strange give it away? The Ancient One freezes. Strange gave Thanos the Time Stone. Don\u2019t know.  Maybe he made a mistake. Then he must have had a reason.", "GREEN DRESS.": "", "MAIDEN (O.S.)": "For you, Lady Jane. Pants?", "FRIGGA": "Send Loki some soup.  I don\u2019t think he\u2019s eating.  And ask our librarians to pull some volumes from the astronomy shelves.  He won\u2019t read them, but at least they\u2019ll keep him company. Thor watches Frigga and her coterie disappear down the hall. What are you doing? You\u2019re better off leaving the sneaking to your brother. (re. his bathrobe) What are you wearing? And what\u2019s wrong with your eye? Oh.  You\u2019re not the Thor I know at all, are you? I was raised by witches, boy.  I see with more than eyes, you know that. (eyeing him) I can see the future hasn\u2019t been kind to you, has it? Thor... Frigga gives her son a stern, \u201cdon\u2019t lie to me\u201d look.  Thor stares at his mom a long moment.  Then, he Yes, you are. We can talk. Frigga You\u2019re no idiot.  You\u2019re here, aren\u2019t you?  Seeking counsel from the smartest person in Asgard? Quite a colossal one, by the sound of it. And you know what that makes you?  Just like everyone else. Everyone fails at \u201cwho they\u2019re supposed to be,\u201d Thor.  The measure of a person, of a hero, is how well they succeed at being who they are. Thor stares at her, biting back emotions. No, son.  You don\u2019t.  You\u2019ve come to repair your future, not mine. Is none of my business. Thor stares at her, torn.  This was a gift.  Now, go be the man you\u2019re meant to be. (beat) And eat a salad. Thor smiles.  He and Rocket activate their time suits. Sometimes it takes a second. Then...MJOLNIR", "CUT TO:": "", "GAMORA": "You\u2019re welcome? And yet you always need it.  Father wants us back on the ship. Gamora offers her hand.  Bad Nebula stands on her own. He\u2019s found an Infinity Stone. Off Bad Nebula\u2019s intrigued look... On a planet called \u201cMorag.\u201d He won\u2019t like it. Thanos wipes the blood from his blade. Who was that? Her synaptic drive was probably damaged in battle- Terrans? I don\u2019t understand.  Two Nebulas? Thanos walks into the hologram, studying the faces. What did you do to them? (uneasy) The stones. In the future...what happens to you and me? Come on.  We can still stop him. Nebula takes a deciding moment.  Then No.  You\u2019re not. Good Nebula takes a tiny step forward.  She taps her head. Sister, listen to her- This is the one?  Seriously?", "BAD NEBULA": "I didn\u2019t ask for your help. Why? Where? We will not fail you, father. Thanos finally lays his eyes on her. I swear I will make you proud- I...don\u2019t know.  My head...splitting... Bad Nebula winces.  Gamora looks to Thanos. (choking) No.  Please, father.  That\u2019s not me.  I would never betray you.  Please-THANOS You\u2019re weak. Shut up!  How do I look? Thank you, Father.  They suspected nothing. What will you do? You\u2019re betraying us? I am this. Shut up.  You\u2019re a traitor! He won\u2019t let me.", "GAMORA (O.S.)": "We\u2019ll never have to do this again. Stop.", "THANOS(CONT'D)": "Bring her to my ship. What\u2019s this reflection.  Amplify this, Maw. And that is destiny fulfilled. Gamora stares, torn.  But Ebony Maw fumes on Thanos\u2019 behalf. Go.  Find the stones.  Bring them to me. I thought by eliminating half of life, the other half would thrive.  But you\u2019ve shown me that\u2019s impossible. (beat) Life clings to the past with bloody fingernails.  As long as there are those who remember what was, there will be those unable to accept what can be.  They will resist. Because you won\u2019t be alive to tell them. Tony glances over at Steve.  Ready?  Steve nods... Of violence and slaughter...it was never personal. Thanos gestures behind him as A But I\u2019ll tell you now, the things I\u2019m about to do to your stubborn, annoying, little planet... I\u2019m going to enjoy it.  Very, very much. Steve stares at Thanos and his army.  And even in the face of such overwhelming odds... he gets to his feet.", "LOKI": "If it\u2019s all the same to you...I\u2019ll have that drink now. From behind cover,", "INTERCUT:": " ", "BROCK RUMLOW": "We promise to be extra careful. Scott stares at Sitwell and Rumlow. Cap. Afraid we can\u2019t allow that, Cap.", "LOKI/STEVE": "\u201cI\u2019m on my way down to coordinate search and rescue.\u201d  I mean, really, how do you keep your food down? Thor slaps A", "AGENT SITWELL": "Sir?  I don\u2019t understand- (pulling out his phone) I\u2019ll have to check with the Director-", "ALEXANDER PIERCE": "Mind if I ask where you\u2019re going? My friends call me Mr. Secretary. (to Thor) I have to ask you to turn the prisoner over to me. No, he\u2019ll answer to us.  \u201cOdin\u201d can have what\u2019s left. (to Tony) And we\u2019ll need the case back, too.  That\u2019s been Stark?", "WHERE\u2019S LOKI?": "", "EBONY MAW": "Sir, the file appears...entangled. It was a memory, but not hers. (dawning on him) There\u2019s another consciousness sharing her network.  Another Nebula. This duplicate carries a time stamp... from nine years in the future. In our solar system.  On Morag. Yes.  The two are linked. Sire.  This is your future? Sire.  Your daughter is a traitor. Sire, the stones!", "TONY (HOLO)": "Our history.  Not all of them are going to be a fun drop-in.", "STEVE (HOLO)": "Exactly.  Let\u2019s start here-", "QUILL": "Oh, fu- Babe?  Gamora? You know, I\u2019m still in charge, here, right? See, when you keep swiping my map, that sounds kind of like, \u201cof course, I know you think you\u2019re still in charge-\u201d That\u2019s not necessary... No one\u2019s using knives! Me. (sotto, to Thor) Right? Thor just smiles...", "THE WEB.": "", "BLACKENED CLAW.": "", "THANOS (HOLO)": "What\u2019s wrong? You should be grateful. Gone.  Reduced to atoms. I used the stones to destroy the stones.  The work is done.  It always will be... Thank you, daughter.  Perhaps I\u2019ve treated you too-", "NATASHA (HOLO)": "Where are the stones?", "STAN LEE": "Make love, not war, baby! He roars off, passing A", "JUST BEFORE...": "", "HOWARD STARK": "I know you? From his pocket, That so?  Got a name? Easy to remember- I\u2019m Howard Stark. (shaking hands) You seem a little green around the gills, Potts.  Need some air? Need the briefcase? (lifting one at a time) My wife\u2019s expecting.  And too much time at the office. Tony puzzles the dates out in his head... Thanks. Gee, I suppose... (indicating) ...this far.  She\u2019s at the point where she can\u2019t stand the sound of my chewing.  So I guess I\u2019ll be eating in the pantry again. A girl would be nice.  Less chance she\u2019d turn out exactly like me. Let\u2019s just say the greater good hasn\u2019t always outweighed my own  self interest. The elevator doors open. What are you, couple years older than me? Let me ask you a question.  When your kid was born...were you nervous? Did you feel qualified?  Like you had any idea how to successfully operate that thing? My old man never met a problem he couldn\u2019t solve with a belt. Like what? That\u2019s good.  Smart guy. I tell you, this kid\u2019s not even here yet, but there\u2019s nothing I wouldn\u2019t do for him. Tony takes this in, Well, good to meet you, Potts. Thanks.  See you around? Have we met him before? Seems very familiar. (beat) Weird beard.", "HANK PYM": "Maybe I\u2019m confused.  Isn\u2019t that your job? They didn\u2019t open it, did they?!", "M.P.": "You\u2019ve never seen either of these men before? Describe \u2018fishy\u2019. We talking Bee Gees or Mungo Jerry? (over walkie-talkie) This is Chesler.  We need every available agent to sub-level 6.  We have a potential breach. Steve ducks through the nearest door.. .", "MALE AGENT": "They\u2019re trying, ma\u2019am, but Braddock\u2019s unit has been stopped by lightning strikes. Ma\u2019am?", "PEGGY CARTER": "Oh, for the love of- I\u2019ll find the weather projections.  You call Braddock and tell him to shelter in place.  Assuming he\u2019s bright enough to come out of the rain. Here we are... She flips through a file, reading.  In the darkness behind her, Steve approaches.  Peggy reads something disturbing. Those aren\u2019t lightning strikes he\u2019s looking at... She slaps the file closed and hurries out. Steve stares after her a long moment.", "EDWIN JARVIS": "Indeed, sir.  I shall endeavor to teach the lad the rudiments of judo. Tony smiles at his old friend.  As Jarvis gets in the car, Tony notices...STEVE We\u2019ve met a lot of people, sir.", "TOWARD...THE MOUNTAIN.": "", "FIGURE APPROACHES.": "", "HOODED FIGURE": "I assure you, you have nothing to fear from me. Welcome Natasha, daughter of Ivan.  Clint, son of Edith.", "RED SKULL": "Consider me a guide.  To you, and to all who seek the Soul Stone. Oh, liebchen.  If only it were that easy... What you seek lies in front of you.  As does what you fear. For one of you.  For the other... (smiling it away) The Stone demands a sacrifice.  In order to take it, you must leave behind that which you love.103", "FRIDAY (O.S.)": "Boss?  Wake up!", "DR. STRANGE": "Is that everyone? If I tell you what happens, it won\u2019t happen.", "WONG": "You wanted more?!", "PETER PARKER": "Mr. Stark.  Holy cow, you would not believe what\u2019s been going on.  Do you remember when we were in space?  And I got all dusty?  I must\u2019ve passed out, because I woke up and you weren\u2019t there, but Dr. Strange was, and he was like, \u201cit\u2019s been five years, they need us.\u201d  And he started doing that yellow sparkly thing he does- But Tony just wraps his arms around him, smashing Peter\u2019s face into his chest plate. I got this...I got this...I don\u2019t got this. Hey, nice to meet you-aaaaarg! Uh, hey.  I\u2019m Peter Parker. I don\u2019t know how you\u2019re gonna get it through all that- Mr. Stark...Tony...it\u2019s okay, it\u2019s okay...Mr. Stark, we won.  You did it, sir... But Tony gazes past him.  Rhodey puts his hand on Peter\u2019s shoulder, guiding him away...", "SAKAARAN WAITS.": "Quill drops one, but the other raises his weapon to strike.", "QUILL(CONT'D)": "I thought I lost you. He tenderly strokes her face...and she knees him in the nuts. Twice.  He goes down, gasping. You missed the first time...then you got \u2018em both the second time. She stares down at him as...NEBULA", "WANDA": "You took everything from me. Thanos takes You will. She knows.  They both do. Clint puts his arm around her.  They stare out at the water.", "CORVUS GLAIVE": "But, sire, our troops-", "RESCUES HIM.": "", "SAM WILSON": "Where is he? Get him back! Get him the hell back- Hey, Cap. The man turns and we now Something go wrong...or something go right? How was it? Steve looks at the river, 112 years of emotion in his face. I\u2019m happy for you.  Really. Only thing bumming me out is now I live in a world without Captain America. Steve pulls up A Where did you even get this? Like it\u2019s someone else\u2019s. Thank you.  I\u2019ll try my best. Steve rests his other hand on Sam\u2019s. You gonna tell me about her? Steve smiles to himself at the end of a long, long life.", "GROOT": "(nervous) I am Groot. Rocket grins, knowing what\u2019s coming. I am Groot! Quill and Thor exchange nervous laughter.", "WANDA (O.S.)": "Don\u2019t worry, kid... Peter turns to see...", "OKOYE": "She\u2019s got help. Carol glances at", "HAPPY HOGAN": "How are you doing, squirt?  You hungry? What do you want? Did you know your dad liked cheeseburgers? I\u2019m going to get you all the cheeseburgers you want.", "DRAX": "You should fight one another for the honor of leadership.", "MANTIS": "Oh, yes, please, use knives-", "BUCKY BARNES": "How can Sam. Sam turns...", "OLD STEVE": "Hi, Sam. I thought, after everything that\u2019s happened...maybe I should try out some of that life Tony always told me to get. It was beautiful. Thanks. That\u2019s kind of why I\u2019m here. Sam unzips it, revealing...A I had a little time to travel. (beat) Try it on.144 It isn\u2019t. Sam tries to check his emotion.  He shakes Steve\u2019s hand. That\u2019s why it\u2019s yours. Sam smiles, noticing...STEVE\u2019S Nope.  I don\u2019t think I will."}, "backtothefuture.pdf": {"FOURTH DRAFT": "Revised 10-12-84 with pink revisions of 10-21-84 (Obviously,  the tipped-in pink sheets that are a typical indication of revised  pages or pages containing revisions within a script are not here.  Lines and scenes containing  the revisions of 10-21-84 are mark ed at  the end of the line by an", "CONTROL VOICE": "5...4...3...2...1...detonate! The light bec omes brighter  as we pan  over to", "MRS. WOODS": "Mr.", "MR. STRICKLAND": "That*s number three, isn *t it, McFly? You don *t like school, do  you, McFly? Marty rolls his eyes. Is this question for real? (snaps at hi m) You*ve got a real  attitude pr oblem, you  know that? (opens a  file on  his des k) You*re a slacker, McFly. Y ou*ve got aptitude, but you don*t appl y you rself. You remind me of your Now, for slacking off in class and for having a serious attitude  problem, your punishment is two w eeks in detention, with me, starting this afternoon. Stop! Wait! We must file out in an orderly fashion! Another sprinkler goes off and sprays  Strickland right in the face!", "MARTY": "Four. Oh, no. sir. I This afternoon? But I can *t! Me and my band ha ve an audition at (under his breath) Come on, come  on...! Strickland pulls dow n the next shade. There is more  smoke from the ma tchbook... Burn, you s ucker...! Strickland p ulls dow n another sh ade. The nex t one is M arty*s... Strickland s teps toward  it... Suddenly the matchbook ignites!  Weeze \u2014 let me bo rrow this! I*ll bring it  back tom orrow! Marty takes  the skateboa rd and dashe s out. All right , we*re the Pin heads, an d we *re gonna rock \u2018n roll! They kick int o a red hot n umber. Marty *s fingers dance across the strings an d frets in a complicated lead line. He *s terrific, an d the band s ounds great. They get onl y about 25 seconds in to the number  when a I don *t know. Maybe I *m just not cut out for music. But what if they hate i t? What if they say, \u201cget outta here, kid, you  got no future?\u201d Why shoul d I put myse lf through all  that anxie ty?  (He si ghs.) I *m sorry. I guess I sound like so me kinda schizoid neuro tic. In that case, you can kiss me  off right now. You *ve met my old man. You know what a zero he  is. Suzy nods knowingly. They are walking past a Hey, I *m Hey, check out that tricked-out Supra. Now Are you kidding? She thi nks I *m going camping with the guys. If she found out I was going camping wi th you, she *d shit. Marty sprays some My mom *s not sexually rep ressed. How can you  be repressed about something yo u know abso lutely no thing about? They pa use acro ss from th e former c ourthou se buil ding. (flirtin g back) She*s not doing a very good job, is she? They move c loser... Lady, can *t you see I *m busy here? But it doesn *t tell time.  What good is it? (to Suzy) Now... you were sa ying that my mother wasn *t doing a ve ry good job.. . They move c loser again  as before, ab out to kiss... Suddenly, a Doc, I *m busy. (to Suzy) Come on, you should se e what *s insid e this t hing. They go over and step in side. What *s up, Doc? Yeah, right. Brown takes  the \u201cSave the Clock\u201d fly er out of Mar ty*s hand. Yeah, but Do c, exactly  what are w e gonna do at  one a.m.? You*re not plan ning on brea king into ano ther power plant or som ething...? That was kinda ri sky. Look, Do c, we *ve gotta go. I *ll...see y ou tonight. Doc Brown *s all right \u2014 he *s just a lit tle hung up o n time.  A co uple of yea rs ago, he showed up at my house and hired me to sw eep out this garage of his. He pays me 50 bu cks a week, gives me free beer... and  gives me total access to his record coll ection \u2014 he *s got this great old record coll ection. (a beat) Hard to believe he was one of the world *s greatest nuclear physici sts. (shrugs) Too much radiation, I guess. (a beat, mov es closer to  her) Where were we? She smiles  and moves toward him . This is not my day. But Jesus Ch rist, Dad, l ook at the car ! Look what he did to th e car! Do you have any  idea how important thi s was to me, Dad? Do y ou have any idea at all? Dad, did it ever occu r to you to say \u201cno?\u201d To just once try saying \u201cno?\u201d Try it once,  Dad. Just on e time, say  \u201cno.\u201d Now the Thanks for the pep talk, Dad. Uncle \u201cJai lbird Joey \u201d? I*ll bet you had to pra ctically jump on his bones. Marty gets up, finishe d eatin g. (into phone) Hello? (a beat, rolls his ey es) No, I haven *t forgotten, Doc. One a.m.,  Twin Pines Mall. He hangs up and shakes his head. Jeez, Doc, a DeLorean!  What the hell di d you do to  it? And what *s with the  Devo sui t? Brown lifts open the dri ver*s side gull  wing door. (shocked) Christ Almighty! You di sintegrated Einstein! Then where the hell  are they? Time ma chine ? Are y ou try ing to  tell me yo u bui lt a ti me mac hine out of a DeLorean? Is it hot? Is Einstein  all right? Brown unbu ckles th e shoulder  harness,  and Einste in bounds o ut, happy  and playfu l. Brown gives the dog a Mil k Bone reward. What happened then? Temporal Field Capacitor, huh? How *d you get beaned? Heavy duty, Doc. A nd it runs on, like, regular u nleaded gasoline? (reads the label) Plutonium?! You mean this  sucker *s nuclear? Hold the phone, Doc \u2014 p lutonium *s illegal.  Did y ou rip  it off? The future? Is that where you *re going?* * * * * * Who? What Libyans? Doc \u2014 no! Wait! But Brown k eeps runn ing and f iring \u2014 an d the van clo ses the di stance.  No way can Bro wn outrun it to the mall. The Terrorist gunner screams a Liby an curse, then Let*s see if you  bastards ca n do 90... Hey! Hell o? Where am is in shock. He looks at the dashboard readouts. 1955? 1 don *t believe  it! He turns on the car radi o and tunes in a news cast. Eisenhow er?31 32* 33 34 35 36  This is definit ely not my day. On the  back o f the n ewsp aper i s an A Why not...? He tries to open the garage This is not a good year. Uh, the telephone? Lou points it out, in b goes into the ph one booth and fli ps through th e directory. smiles \u2014 jus t what he w as hoping for.  The sign on t he phone sa ys \u201cLocal Calls \u2014 5 c ents.\u201d Marty di gs out a nicke l and dial s the number.  It rings...and  rings... and rings. No ans wer. He hangs up. Not my day. He rips the  page out. Can you tell me w here 1640 Riverside\u2014 Uh, yeah. Gimme a Pepsi Free. No, a Pepsi Free \u2014 yo u know, diet soda? Lou looks at him like he *s from another planet. Uh, well, just give me  something to drink that doesn *t have sugar  in it. Lou gives him a look, then  puts a cup of coffee in front of him. Marty  looks at the bowl of sugar cubes i n front of him. Have you got  any Sweet Okay.* 46 * 47 * * Huh? He spins around on his stool. The voice came from a I don *t believe it. You *re George Mc Fly...? Your birthday *s August 18th, and your mother *s name is Sylvia ? I*m a relative of yours. A very distant relativ e. A That*s right \u2014 he *s gonna be Mayor som eday. This is an idea that *s never occurred to Goldi e. George! Hey, George! I want to tal k to you! But George doesn *t hear him. H e disappea rs around a c orner. Marty run s after him. He*s a peeping tom! Dad! Look out ! But George is still daz ed. Marty dashes in to the street, and in a specta cular flying leap, knocks him out of the path of th e oncoming ca r. As Marty moves to av oid the car,  the car sw erves in th e Mom? Is that you? God, what a  horrible n ightmare. I dre amt I went w ay back in time... He starts to sit up. It was terrible. It was  a terrible place to be . The music was awful \u2014 they didn*t have rock. The cars were u gly. My neighborhoo d hadn *t been built yet, an d every thing w as so w eird lo oking. 1955! She turns on  the bedsid e lamp. It *s the same gir l George was  spying on,  and Marty recognizes  her just as w e do... Oh my God. You *re \u2014 you *re my\u2014 my\u2014 But \u2014 but you *re so thin! (looks under the blankets) Uh... where are my pants? Calvin? Why are you call ing me Calvin? No, well, actually peop le call me Marty. (gulps, nervous) Uh... no... Marty moves as far aw ay as he can with out falling off the bed. He holds the blanket tight around his waist. Sh e looks at him, fascinated. (whispers  to him) So you *re my Uncle Joey. Get u sed to those bars, kid. Uh... yeah. .. two of \u2018em. Hey, I *ve seen this one \u2014 thi s is a good one. This is w here Ralph dresses up as \u201cthe ma n from space.\u201d I saw it on a rerun. You*ll find out. (gives Lorraine a glance) Uh, well, no \u2014 yo u can *t. Uh \u2014 she *s out of town. With my Dad. (pulls out the phone boo k page) Could you tell me w here Riverside Driv e is? A block past Maple? B ut that *s Kennedy Drive. That*s John (realizes  the proble m) Never mind. Uh, gee, I don *t know... Uh, actuall y, I*ve really  gotta be goin g... (he*s backing out,  toward the  front door) So, thank you for everythi ng, and I *ll see yo u all late r. Much la ter. He turns and hurries out of the  house. Lorraine sighs  romantically. Uhhh, Dr. Brown \u2014 yea h, you No, I *m serious! You *ve gotta believe me! Yo u*re the only one wh o can get me back home! Look, I can prove I *m from 1985! Marty pulls out hi s wallet and starts sh owing the contents to Brow n. See this? My dri ver*s license \u2014 expires 1987. Look at my birthdate \u2014 I haven *t even been  born yet. (pulls out a 20 dollar bill) Look at this Huh? Brown han ds it back to Marty. M arty looks a t it. Doctor Brown, this is no trick. I really am from the future. Brown rolls his ey es. Ronald Reagan. Brown a nd the gi rls burs t out la ughing. Doc, listen, you gotta hea r me out\u2014 I know! And I know wh at you *re doing \u2014 you *re inventi ng time trave l. It came to you in a vi sion when you got hi t over the head with  that beer bottle. And that thing you *re drawing is the I told you \u2014 I *m from the future. With that, he walks over to the garag e door and raises the overhead door, revealing Okay, Doc. Take  a look at thi s... Brown comes over and Marty rolls the tape he shot in the mall parking lot where Brown is explaining the operati on of the time machine. Brown is amazed to see himself as a man of 65. A radiatio n suit! Indian jewelry.  Huh? Lightning! Ho ld the phon e, Doc \u2014 chec k this out! Marty pulls out the  \u201cSave the Clock Tower\u201d fly er from his pocket (with it is  the mysterious \u201cheadless snapshot\u201d we saw earlier). Marty  shows the flyer to Brow n. I don *t know, but s omething we ird is goin g on with th is picture.  My broth er \u2014 he*s fading out... Are you sure about this ? I can *t believe  you actual ly put thi s crap in y our hair. (points her out to Brown ) That*s her \u2014 in the 2nd row ... Jesus! She *s cheati ng!72 73 74 (points) That*s him... As My mom always said it was meant to b e. I sure hope she *s right... Marty takes a deep breath  and starts walking towa rd George.75 76 George! Hey, buddy, you *re just the guy  I wanted to  see! You re member me \u2014 from Saturday ? I saved y our life, reme mber? Listen, ther e*s somebody I want you  to meet. C *mere... He pulls h im down th e hall to L orraine, w ho has her b ack to them. Excuse me, Lorraine... Lorraine turns. Oh, let me get t hose... He picks up her books and giv es them back to her. She *s totally infatuated. Lorraine, I want to introd uce you to someone. This i s my good friend, George McFly. George, this i s Lorraine. Um, yeah.... The She didn *t even loo k at him! A date? What kinda date? I don *t know what kids do in  the 50 *s. Sex and drugs and rock \u2018n roll. That*s right! \u201cEnchantment Under The Sea !\u201d They *re Hi, Geor ge. What are y ou wri ting? Yeah? What kind of stories? I never knew you di d anything creative. H ow about letting me read one of \u2018em? How come? No, George, it *s not that hard at all. There is a long mom ent as  Mart y loo ks at Ge orge i n a ne w light... a nd see s hims elf. Listen, George, you know that girl I introduced you to? Lorraine? She really likes you. And I think y ou should ask her to the \u201cEn chantment Under The Sea\u201d dance. I think you *d have a gre at time wi th her. Why not? George, I *m telling you, if you d on*t ask Lorraine to that dance, y ou*re gonna regret it for the rest of your li fe... and I *m gonna regret if for the rest of mine. Who? Oh, yeah. You *re welcome. What do you mean, She *s not your t ype? It *s destiny, George. You and Lorraine ar e meant for eac h other. (pause, listens) Look, I *ll give you 20 do llars if you take her to that dance. 20 whole dol lars. (sighs, disappointed) Okay, George. I *ll see you to morrow. Say, Doc\u2014 Brown t urns, su rprised  that Ma rty has  been w atching . Doc, there *s something I haven *t told you about wh at happens... (gulps) ...on the nigh t we make tha t tape... Terrible. He just doesn *t want to go out with my  mom. I tried e verythin g. I reasoned with him, begged h im, pleaded with hi m, yelled at him... I ev en tried bribing him. The only  thing I haven *t tried is scaring him\u2014 Marty stops short. He *s getting an i dea... Silenc e, Earth ling! (imitating D arth Vader) My name is Darth V ader. I am an extra-terrestrial from the planet Vulcan. This is no dream! You are h aving a Close Encoun ter of the Third Kind! You have reached the Outer Li mits of the Twilight Zone! Silence! My hea t ray will va porize you if you do not obey me! George raises  his hands in surrende r. Silence! I am receivi ng a transmission from the Battlestar Galactica! (after several more beeps) You, George McFly, hav e created a rift in the space-ti me continuum. The Supreme Klingon hereby commands you to take the female earth -person called  \u201cBaine s Lorrai ne\u201d to th e locat ion know n to you  as Hil l Vall ey High School exactly 4 earth cycles from now \u2014 Sa turday night in your l anguage. Affirmative. Insolent Earthling! Do y ou wish me to melt y our brain? Very good, Earthling. You w ill tell no one o f this visit. Now, cl ose your eyes, and see me n o more.... Great! That chl oroform sure pu t him out \u2014 I h ope I didn\u2019 t overdo i t. (spots him) George! You weren *t at school.   Where *ve you been all day? All right, keep your pants on. She *s over there in the caf\u00e9, ha ving a soda. Come on... They head across the street toward the Look, there she is. It*s simple, Ge orge. You just  go in there a nd invite  her. Say whatever feels natural \u2014 whatever co mes to your mind. George thinks about this a moment, then  shrugs. Christ, it *s a miracle I was ev en born. Nothing. Just tell her desti ny has brought you to he r and you think she *s the most beautiful girl you *ve ever seen. Girls l ike to hear that \u2014 what are you doing, George? George ha s taken o ut penci l and pa per and is wri ting. There she is . Just go and ask her. Marty points George in the right direction, and takes a stool at the counter, out of89 90 91 again looks over his sho ulder and sees that Biff is cl osing in, fast. Things don *t look good. Up ahe ad is an in terse cting stree George? Oh, hi. Uh, well, funny you should bring that up, because you know who really wants to take you, and I really think you *d hit it  off with  him, is  George McFly. You did  Uh...well ...yeah, sur e. Okay. It *ll be...great . You and me. .. on a... (coughs, nearly chokes) ...date. I had to. At least  that way I *ll know she *ll be there. Now all I *ve gotta do is figure out some way to make her e nd up with George. You*re instilling me wi th a lot of confidence here, Doc . gulps. Yeah... She wants to go with You*re not gonna hurt me. Just give me  a punch. How many times do I h ave to explain i t to you? We know you *re not a fighter. You know it, I know it...bu t she doesn *t know it.  That *s why we *ve gotta make you look like a fighter, somebo dy who *ll stand up  for her, somebody who *ll protect her. And you *re not gonna look like a fighter if y ou can*t hit me in the stomach. You*re not picking a fight, you *re coming  to her res cue. Maybe we *d better go over the plan again. Where are you gonna be at And where am I gonna be? Okay. So right around Why what? (it*s hard for him t o say) Well...bec ause...w ell, ni ce girls  get angry  at guys  who...  who try  to take advantage o f \u2018em. George, don *t worry about it. Just re member that at 9 o *clock, you *ll be strolling through the parking lot a nd you *ll see us.. . (gulps) ...struggling in the car, you *ll run ov er, open the  door, and sa y...? George doesn *t say an ything. Your line, George. Yes, def initely, G eorge,  swear. Th en you hit m e in the sto mach, I g o down for the count, and you an d Lorraine live happ ily ever  after. There *s nothing to be scared of. Now  come on and hit me in th e stomach. George takes a d eep breath a nd throws a  flimsy punc h into Ma rty*s gut. No, George, pu t a little e motion into  it. A littl e hostilit y, a littl e anger. George tries to  get himself an gry. He makes s ome faces and throws ano ther punch. I t*s not much bett er. Anger, George, a nger. No, George. Ju st concentra te on the ange r. Anger. George throws another punch. Thi s one is slightly be tter than the last one. (sighs) Well... I think you *re starting to  get the hang o f it. Just keep practicing. I*ll see you la ter. Remember,  anger, George. A nger. Marty walks off, leaving George with the body bag. He stares at it, trying to mak e himself mad. Doc, since when can a weatherman predict the w eather \u2014 let alone the future? Brown smil es. He plugs  in the cabl es, then des cends the l adder. Yeah... uh, D oc, about the  future... (sighs) Yeah... Lis ten, I *m gonna ge t a cand y bar or  somethi ng. You w ant any thing? \u201cDr. Brown, on October 5, 198 5, at about Uh, you don *t mind if we , uh, park for a few minutes. ..? Well, I don *t know, some girls just don *t like to... Uh, no... What are you doi ng with tha t? Lorraine, you shouldn *t drink! Well, it *s just not healt hy. Maybe I c ould use a hit.... Just as he takes a swig, she pulls out a pack of cigarettes and  lights up. Marty spi ts out the gin in surprise. Jesus \u2014 you smoke, too? It*ll give y ou cancer! I*d sure l ike to ha ve that  in wri ting. The comment goes right past Lorraine. Well, have you  ever been  in a situa tion where , well, y ou know yo u have to act a certain way, bu t when you get there, y ou don *t know i f you ca n go through wit h it? Well, sort of... You do?115 116 117 118 Believe me, it makes perfect sen se. We hear the sounds of Yeah... I know ... Suddenly the driv er*s door is opened, an arm re aches in, yanks Marty  out, and Marty finds himself face to  face with Get you hands off her, you son-o f-a-bitch. Biff leers at  Marty. Thanks a lot! He dashes back toward the Packard. rushes onto the parking lot and is astonished to see is shocked. He considers the  situation a moment, then real izes the answer. He  runs back toward the Cadillac . Hey, you guys, you *ve gotta get back in there and fini sh the dance! What do you mean, you *re through? But you *ve gotta play! That *s where they kiss for the first time \u2014 on the dance floor! If there *s no music, they won *t dance, they won *t kiss, they won*t fall in love.., and I *m a goner! blinks his eyes and start hitting wrong notes. He d oesn *t seem to be able to play  the guitar anymore. The I can *t play! I don *t know how  to play th e guitar! I don *t feel so good ... The band  keeps on  playi ng. (to the band) Follow me, fellas! Let *s rock \u2018n roll! The band joins in. Uh, sorry, you guys are n*t ready for th at yet. But your kids a re gonna lov e it. He picks up the song again w ith the band. They do one  more chorus. Marty wraps up the  song with a final riff, and the students all go berserk with  applause! Take it easy, Doc! I had to ch ange my clothes. Every thing *s cool \u2014 they *re back together... and here *s the p roof. Marty sho ws him the fully resto red snapsho t. Yeah, old George really came through. Laid out Biff with one punch \u2014 cold cocked him... and I had to miss it. I never knew he had it in him. Hell, my old man*s never stood up to Bi ff in his life. Brown ope ns the DeLo rean door. Doc, tha nks for ev erythi ng. They shake hands.  Right... Brown puts his hands in his pockets and withdraws the letter Marty put there. He looks at it curiously. Marty tur ns away. You*ll find out in 30 ye ars. You*ll find out in 30 ye ars. You*ve gotta take that risk, Doc . Your life d epends on i t. Doc! I gotta tell you abou t the future! The future! On the night I travel bac k in time, the terrorists show  up and you get\u2014 hesitates, but Brown gestures adamantly. At last M arty nods and runs to the DeLorean. climbs into  the DeLorea n and close s the gull w ing door. Dammit, Doc, why *d you have to tear up that letter? If only there was a little more time\u2014 Marty glan ces down a t the 2 reado uts, \u201cDestin ation Time,\u201d and \u201cLast Tim e Departed.\u201d has an idea. More time! I*ll give myself some more ti me! He pushes the appropriate buttons on the keypad. tries to restart it but it w on*t turn over. Come on, come  on...! Shit! At last the engine roars to l ife! Marty switches is delighted. All right! He turns on the car radio. A  contemporary All right! He puts the car into forward gear. Aw, shit! He tries to start it again, bu t he can *t get it to turn  over. Come on, come on\u2014 He looks up and sees ou t the wind shield... The terrorists! (tries starting the car again) Damn, it *s frozen! is both horrified and amaz ed \u2014 horrified at being too l ate; amazed at seeing himsel f, and to be seeing something he *s already e xperience d from a  third per son point  of view. Oh, God, no, I *m too late!  Oh, no! watches himself chased by  the terrorists.212 * 213 214 * * now runs to ward the fal len Dr. Brow n, lying fac e down in  the parking l ot. He reac hes him , along w ith Doc, no... Suddenly, You*re alive! Brown stands. But you were shot \u2014 I saw it! I saw it tw ice! Brown r ips ope n his ra diatio n suit r eveali ng a But how did yo u know? Brown s miles, reaches  into hi s pocket and pul ls out t he (smiles, shaking his head) After all tha t lecturing a bout screw ing up future e vents and t he space-ti me continuum... So how  far ahea d are yo u going? Well... good luck. A nd if you get  a chance, l ook me up. I *ll be... 47 years old . Say, ar e we ha ving co mpany o r someth ing? Dave, aren *t you working tod ay? Then what *s with the  fancy suit? Yeah. Are Y Mom! You l ook \u2014 great!! Mom, we went through this last night. How ca n I go if Dad *s car is wrecked? My car? I haven *t. He pulls her toward him... they *re about to ki ss... closer,  closer... And just as t hey kiss, th eir Oh, no... not a gain... We hear a Doc, I *ve got Suzy here. I w as just gonna try out my new  wheels. What do you mean? What happens? (sudden ala rm) Does so mething happen to us? D o we tu rn into asshol es or so mething?", "CUT TO:": "                           ", "WIDER": "A regular math classroom used as detention after  hours. Again, we see signs of an old school dressed to be more mod  Marty turns off the music. W hen he talks, his voice is distorted through the mouth filter in84 * 85 86", "SUZY": "Marty! Marty gives her a w ink; she smiles. Marty *s guitar, amp and microphone ha ve already been se t up for him. He picks up the guitar and tun es up, then look s over at Suzy. Suzy smiles and h olds up her crossed fingers. M arty grins back. Clearly, they*re \u201can item.\u201d Marty practices a riff...and he *s great. You can *t tell where the guitar e nds and the man Marty, one rejection i sn*t the end of the world. But you *re good, Marty. You *re really  good. And th is auditio n tape of you rs is great... (she gives him back a Well, according to my shrink,  all of our emotional anxieties are a direct result of the influence our parents had  in our childhood. At least he *s letting you borrow th e car tomorrow night. That *s a step in the right direction. What  about your  mother?  Does she k now? (nods knowingly) My shrink says a l ot of parents are sexually  repressed.* * * * * (flirtin g) She*s just trying to keep you resp ectable. Terrible... They *re about to ki ss... I don *t know if yo u should be  hanging out w ith a guy l ike that after mi dnight. I think we w ere right here ... Again they *re about to ki ss... A That*s my Dad. Se e you tomo rrow. She hops into the wa iting car. Marty wa tches it go. Marty, are you okay ? You *re acting like you hav en*t seen me  in a w eek.", "DANCE COMMITTEEMAN": "That*s enough. Thank you. Marty and the group stop playing, exchanging bew ildered glances.", "CLOCK WOMAN": "Please make a  donation to  save the c lock tower. Mayor Wilson is sponsori ng an initi ative to re pair that cl ock... She poi nts to th e stoppe d clock o n the ol d courth ouse bu ilding . (contin uing) We at the Hill Valley Preserv ation Society think it should be preserved exactly the way  it is. It*s part of our history. Here \u2014 it *s all in this flyer.  (gives Marty one)  3 0 years ago, lightning struck that cl ock tower, and the clock hasn\u2019 t run since. We at the society feel it *s a landmark o f scientific i mportance, at testing to the power of the  Almighty.", "DRIVER": "It*ll only t ake a minute.. .", "BROWN": "Let me write it down  for you so you don *t forget... (writes on the back)  (contin uing) You*re feeling all right, Marty ? You *ve been gett ing plenty  of rest? You want me to spoil it for you?  Don *t worry about it \u2014 it *ll be great. That*s the point, Marty. Ri sk. Risk makes life worth liv ing. What would you rather do, sleep? Brown chec ks one of the 4 watches on  his arm. (sudden urge ncy) It*s almost time  \u2014 quiet! Suzy giv es Marty a  bewilde red look, but  Marty know s what\u2019s a bout to happ en... It*s exactly 4 o *clock, and all of the clocks I love that ! Yes! At one a.m.!  It could cha nge your life. Marty and Suzy step out of the Grab the camer a and start ta ping, Marty . I*ll explain as w e go. Brown indicates a H Come on, Einstein . Get in, boy.* (to Marty and vid eo camera) All right, this is test #1. Please note that Einstein *s clock here is in preci se synchronization w ith my control watch. Brown holds up a digital watch next to Einstein *s clock; indeed, the two are in dead sync. (to the d og) Good luck, Einie. Brown reaches in and  starts the ignition. The DeLore an engine Here we go, Marty. If my calculations are correct, w hen the car hits 88 mile s an hour, you *re gonna see some serious  shit. Brown takes a deep breath, then pushes the accelerator button. The DeLorean ta kes off,  shifting ge ars automatic ally. The (elated) What *d I tell you? 88 mil es per hour! Temporal displa cement occurred at (checks watch) exactly Calm down, Marty. I didn *t disintegrate anything. The mol ecular structure of both Einste in and the c ar are compl etely inta ct. The appropriate question (smiles, mode stly) The way I figured it, if you *re gonna build a time machi ne into a car, why not do it with some styl e? Besides, the stainle ss steel construction made th e flux dispersal\u2014 (his digital watch 5...4...3...2... 1... Their hair s tands up on end, charged up with st atic electr icity... Suddenly, a It*s cold. Damned cold. Brown raises the driv er*s side door : there s its Einst ein, none  the worse f or wear. Br own again compares his watch with Einstein *s. Exactl y one mi nute di fference \u2014  and sti ll ticki ng! Good boy, Einie! (to Marty) He*s fine. And he *s completely unawa re that anything happened. As far as he*s concerned, the trip wa s instantaneous. That *s why his watch  is a minute behind mine \u2014 he \u201cskipped over\u201d that minute to instantly arrive at this moment i n time. Come here, let me show you  how it w orks... First, you turn the time  circuits o n... Brown flips the label ed switch. An array of indicator lights go on insi de. (contin uing) This readout, tells you where you *re going, this one tells y ou where you are, this one tells you where you were. The three readouts are respectiv ely labeled (contin uing) You input your destin ation time on this keypad . Want to see the signing of the Declaration of Independe nce? He punches 7-4-1776. The (contin uing) Or witness the birth of C hrist? He punches in 12-25-0. (contin uing) Here *s a red lette r date in th e history o f Yes, of course ... March 19 , 1955... That was the day I invented time travel. Actually, it was night. I remember it This is what makes time travel Well, I was trying to\u2014 (stops short,  thinking better of it)  W ell, it*s not important. What is important is  that it wo rks. It *s taken me ov er 30 years  to fulfill the v ision of tha t night. He faces the DeL orean proudly. Electrical. But I need a  nuclear reaction to generate the 1.21 jigowatts of electricity I need. The No, of course not. Here, l et me help y ou with th at. Brown hel ps Marty ge t into the su it. Put your hood up, M arty, while I reloa d... and keep Einstein cov ered, too. Marty and Brown both pull their hoods over their heads. Ma rty covers Einstein with a sheet of the same radiation proof material. Brown opens the container and removes a 4-inch clear cylinder with a plutonium rod within (it*s surrounded  by water) , then close s the contai ner. Brown steps over to th e rear of the DeLorean and pl aces the plutonium cyl inder into the (removes his hood) It*s safe now. Everythin g is lead lined. Marty remo ves his ho od and rele ases Einste in. He pic ks up the vi deo camera a nd starts taping again. Oh \u2014 I mustn *t forget my lugga ge... Brown grabs his suitcase and puts it in the trunk (it *s in the front ). Who knows if they *ll have cotton underw ear in the future? I *m allergic to all synthetics. Brown sla ms the trunk sh ut. That*s right. 25 y ears into th e future. I *ve always dreamed  of seeing the future \u2014 looki ng beyond my  years, obs erving the p rogress of mankin d. It*s almost like cheating death. (pauses, then  smiles wryly) I*ll also be able to find out who wins th e next 25 World Series. Sudden ly, Ei nstein starts B What is it, Einie? Brown turns, and reacts with horror to an Oh, no \u2014 they found me. I don *t know how, but they found me. The Libyans! The Libyan s who got me the Plutoni um! They wa nted me to bu ild \u2018em a bomb \u2014 I told \u2018em I woul d, but I lied! The van side door sli des open and a Run for it, M arty! I *ll draw their fire! Brown pulls a .45 re volver from inside hi s radiation suit and Hiya, kid. Look ing for some body? Do I know you, kid?* 58* 59* 60 * * (smiles) Great sales pit ch, kid \u2014 terr ific. So what are you  selling? Floor wax? Get you back hom e? Kid, I think you g ot me confuse d with the Wiza rd of Oz. Oh, I get it \u2014 you *re selling trick film. This is great \u2014 it really looks li ke the guy*s got no head . Very cle ver. Well then, tell me something, young man from the That*s a good one! The kid *s a riot! A r egular riot! (pulls out his wall et) Here *s 5 bucks, kid! Thanks for the laughs! He hands M arty a five , then close s the door. Marty sigh s, then wal ks aroun d the side o f the hou se and look s in the wind ow. Of course. Of cour se! It *s so obvious! (jumps to his feet, shouts) All right, t he party *s over! Everybody  go home! I have work to do! The guests exchange looks. Go home! Eve rybody ou t! I need quie t! Some of the guests begin to leav e. Get lost kid! I*m workin g! My God. Ho w did yo u know that? Why \u2014 that *s me! I *m an old man! Incredible! Tha nk God I *ve still got my hair... bal dness runs i n my family , you know . But what on earth am I wearin g? Of course, because of all the fallo ut from the Atomic wars. And w hat*s that thing ar ound my  neck? I\u2019m not e ven gon na ask. 1.21 Look, I *m sure that in 1985, pluton ium is available  in any corner drug store. But in 1955, it\u2019s a l ittle hard to come by. An d unless you figure on dri ving out into a nucl ear test site  while an  A-bomb *s going off, I *m afraid you *re stuck here.* 66 67 1.21 jigowatts? Oh, sure. We can tie into H oover Dam with a v ery long cable. Or we build a turbine on the back of this thing and you can drive it over Niagara Falls. Or y ou can drive across the  country at 88 miles an  hour and hop e that y ou get st ruck by a bolt o f lightni ng. Kid, if this is true, we  just might be able to get your ass back to the future! It*s totally insane, but it *s certainly no crazi er than building a nucl ear reactor onto the back of a car... According to th is, we know the ex act moment lightning will str ike a specific s pot \u2014 at What *s wrong, kid? Lemme see tha t... Brown studies it. He too reacts with concern. Erased from ex istence... (to Marty, urge ntly) Kid \u2014 we *ve gotta get you some new  clothes! Figure it out, kid. Your old man was supposed to get hi t by your Grandpa *s car, not you  \u2014 therefore, y ou interfered  in your p arents * first meeting. If they don*t meet, they don *t fall in love; if they  don*t fall in love, they  don*t get married; if they don *t get married they don *t have kids. That *s why your older brother *s fading out \u2014 he *s being erased from existence. He *s first, since he *s the oldest. Your sister *ll be next... and then you... unless you Come on kid, let *s get this over with. Brown pulls him i nside. So which one *s your father ? (to Marty) Are you sure you *re not adopted? Now a hand yanks George b y the Looks like a match made in hea ven. Obviously, you b eing in the picture is a  real distraction for her. You *ve got to get him to ask h er out on a d ate \u2014 so they  can be alo ne together. What do they do in the 80 *s? No comment, kid. Brown notices a hand -painted banner in the h all announcing the \u201cEnch antment Under The Sea Dance\u201d this Saturd ay night. Look \u2014 there *s a dance co ming up. Get hi m to take her to  that. Marty sees the sign an d has a revelation. Well then, kid, y ou gotta make su re they go to  that dance. Together. Oh, hi, kid. (indicates video camera ) Fascinating device, thi s camera. I can *t believe it *s made in Japan. Hold it right there, kid. Don *t tell me anything, I don *t want to ta ke any more chances of screwing up the s pace-time Continuum. No man s hould know too much about his own destiny. If I know too much about the future, I could endanger my own exis tence. Besi des, I *ve always hated  fortune tellers. (a beat) And speaking of endangered species , how did it go today  with your pop? How*d it go? What do you mean you said \u201c yes\u201d? You*re not gonna have much time, kid. You *ve gotta make everything happen by We put a lightning rod on the clock towe r and we run some indu strial strength elec trical cabl e from the ligh tning rod, ac ross the stre et. Meanwhile, we *ve outfitted  your car w ith a big ho ok directly  connected i nto the (contin uing) Lightning str ikes, electri fying the cab le, just in time to... He touches the live wire to the nail. The toy car *s antenna snags the cable. Don*t worry. I *ll take care of the lightning. You just take car e of your old man. Marty has  another lo ok at the fateful  snapshot. Kid, are y ou sure abou t this storm? Right. (a beat) You know, ki d, No, kid. We *ve already agreed that having knowledge of the future can  be extremely  dangerous. E ven if you r intention s are good, i t could bac kfire drasticall y. Whatever it i s you wan t to tell me,  I*ll find out through the natural course of time. This is not what Mart y wanted to hear, but he can see t here*s no arguing with Brow n. No thanks. Some new s pecializ ed weather  sensing equi pment. Brown come s down from th e ladder. (smiles) Of course I do... right here. He takes out his wallet and gives the cop a 50 dollar bill. (to cop) Naw. Thank you, offic er. (to Marty) Say, kid, you *d better  pick up your mo m and get  going. Marty is about to get into the Packard. He hesitates and pulls the snapshot out of his pocket. You look a little pa le. Are you okay?* * 110 111 * * Damn! Where is that kid? Brown pulls out a p ocket watch and checks Damn! Brown chec ks a wristw atch on his  other wris t. It*s Damn! At last, the All right, let *s set your d estination  time. This i s the exact  time you l eft... punches the appropriate key pad. (contin uing) Let*s send you  home 10 minu tes later... (contin uing) Ten minutes isn *t long enough  for you to be  missed. Now , I*ve painted a white line on the street up there \u2014 that *s where y ou start from. (contin uing) I*ve calculated the prec ise distance, taking into acc ount the acceleration speed and wind resistance retroactive from the moment the lightn ing will (contin uing) When this alarm goes off, you hit the gas. Brown gives it a w ind, then sets it on the D eLorean dashboard.143 144 144 145 Well, I guess that *s every thing. Marty extends his  hand. Thank Don*t worry. As long as y ou hit that wire w ith this hook, everythi ng*ll be fine. What *s the meaning of this? It*s about the future, isn *t it? Information about the future? I warned you about th is, kid. The consequences could  be disastrous. (shakes his head) No. I *m not going to  accept the resp onsibility. Brown tears up the  envelope and shoves th e pieces into the Pa ckard ashtr ay. Great Scott! Kid \u2014 find the end of that cable \u2014 I *ll throw t he rope dow n to you! Brown grabs a big coil of rope and dashes into the c ourthouse. Marty gulps. He takes a l ook at the fallen tree branch on  the cable, then goes huntin g for the end of it. The wind is picking up, and the sound of looks down. tosses one end of the rope dow n. The coil unravels. nods and starts pulling the  rope with the cable  back up.146 147 148 149 150 151 What?? unties the rope from the end of the p addle plug and looks up at its socket mate dangling on the clock face. He reaches up for it, but he can *t quite get it. He *ll have to move ac ross the ledge to get c loser to it. jerks the end of the cable, tryin g to free it from the limb. looks up at t he clock tow er. Of course, I *m alive. It*s the latest  fashion in personal pr otection. It *ll stop a slug from an elephant rifle at 30 yard s. (shrugs) Yeah, well, I figured, what the hell. We hear I figure I *ll take it s low at firs t.. .go about 3 0 years, jus t to get my feet wet; then maybe see what *s shaking in the  22nd or 23rd cent ury. I will. Funny... I h ad to wait 30 years  to catch up to you. Now  you*ve gotta wait 30 years to catch up to me. Ain *t life weird. Brown giv es him a wi nk. Marty c loses the d oor. Marty \u2014 you *ve gotta come with me \u2014 ba ck to the future! Well, bring her along \u2014 this concerns her, too. Brown opens the pas senger gull wing  door for him.  Marty and Suzy approach ca utiously. No, you and Suzy  both turn out fine. But your kids, Marty \u2014 something *s gotta be done about your kids ! Brown gets back in the DeL orean. Okay, here w e go...233 234 * * * * Wher e we *re going, we don *t use roads. Brown hit s a new sw itch on the", "OMITTED": "     ", "BIFF": "I can *t believe you di d this, McFly. I ca n*t believe you l oaned me your car without telling me it had a blind spot. I coul d have been killed! It*s there, McFly. How  else can you exp lain this? My insurance?  It\u2019 s your car.  Your insura nce should pay for it. I w anna know who*s gonna pay for It*s a start. And  hey... wh ere*s my reports? (knocks o n George *s head) Hello? An ybody hom e? Think, Mc Fly, thin k! I*ve gotta have time to get \u2018e m retyped. If I t urn in my re ports in yo ur handwri ting, I *ll get fired. Not too early \u2014 I slee p in on Saturday. (about to leave) Oh, hey, Don\u2019t be so gullible , McFly! Biff walks over  to his sparkling  year old Hiya, kid. How do y ou like my new pai nt job? Marty doesn *t. He steps over to his father, outraged. He *s about to say something, but George  raise s his hands  and cu ts him  off. You got my homewor k finished, McFl y? Hello? An ybody hom e? Think, Mc Fly, thin k! I*ve gotta hav e time to rec opy it. Do you realize what would happen if I turned in So how about my homewor k, McFly? Not too early \u2014 I sleep  in on Sundays. Oh, hey , McFly \u2014 your s hoe*s untied. Come on, Lorraine, You w ant it, you know you  want it, and you know  you want me to give it to y ou. Maybe you are a nd you just don *t know it y et. What *s it to you, dipshit? You know, you *ve been looking for\u2014 Well, it *s gonna cost you, McFl y. How much money y ou got on you? You! (getting up) All right, wise ass, it *s fat lip time ... Marty jumps off his stool, read y for action. Biff throws a pun ch which Marty easily avoids; then M arty d elivers a l eft jab  to Bi ff*s gut, a nd sla ms a ri ght in to his  face, s endin g Biff reeling backward into a ta ble.* (to his boys) In the car! Biff an d the g ang jum p into  Biff*s convertible park ed nearby. Biff  peels out after  Marty. is comi ng too fas t to make t he turn.  He ove rshoots  the int ersecti on and h as to make another I*m gonna get that son of a bitch. You caused $300 damage to my  car, dipshit. And I *m gonna take it  outta your ass... Hold him, guy s. Biff shoves him roughly in to the arms of Skinhead. Marty  struggles, but Skinhead and Match grab him and restrain him Well, lookee what we have h ere. Maybe I *ll take it o ut of your as s... She lunges a t her door to  escape, but  Biff grabs her a nd climbs i nto the car. Oh, no, you *re stayin * right here with me. Biff pulls he r toward hi m. I*ll take care of you after I take care o f her. (to his boys) Take him aroun d back. I *ll be there in a minu te. (a beat) Go on! This ain *t no peeps how! They drag Marty awa y. Biff shuts the car door and tri es to kiss her. She struggles, and i n a moment, all we can see through the windshield  are tussling arms and legs, acc ompanied I think you got t he wrong car, McFly. Who *s gonna make me? Yeah? You and what arm y, McFly? George balls  his right ha nd into a fis t and takes a swing at Bi ff \u2014 but Biff grabs h is arm and starts tw isting it. George grimaces. (friendly, eager to please) Yes, sir, you *re the boss, sir! Marty is absolutel y astonished. Oh, Mr. Mc Fly, this just came Oh, Marty \u2014  here *s your keys . Your car i s all wax ed and read y for tonight. Biff tosses him a set of keys.", "GEORGE": "Biff, I never noticed any b lind spot before. Can I assume that your in surance will pay  for this? Do you thi nk 20 dolla rs will c over it? Biff snat ches the  20 doll ar bill  out of Ge orge*s hand. Well, I haven *t finished them yet. I figured sin ce they weren *t due till Monday.. . Okay, I *ll finish them t onight a nd run th em over  first thi ng in the  morning . (falling for i t) Huh? He looks down and Bif f hits him on the  chin. Biff laug hs loudly. I know what you *re going to say, son, and y ou*re right. You *re right. But he happens to be my superv isor, and I *m afraid I *m just not very good at confrontations. I know. And I know you  were counting on usin g it, and I *m sorry. (shrugs) Well... I guess I don *t... Biff screeches out in his Cad illac. Son, I know it *s hard for yo u to understa nd, but the fac t is, I *m just not a fighter. Well...  okay. Marty shakes his he ad hopelessly. (to Marty) Believe me, son, yo u*re better off not  having the  aggravation  of dealing w ith that (absorb ed in hi s work) Huh? Did you say  something, Lorraine? What *s that, dear? Well, no. I figured since it *s not due ti ll Monda y... Biff knocks  on Georg e*s head. Um, okay, Bi ff, I*ll do it ton ight and  bring it o ver firs t thing t omorrow. (looks down , falls for it) Huh? Biff hits him in the chin. He  laughs loudly, as do  his cronies... and they  leave. Marty, still in d isbelief, turns to George. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Who are you? Well, uh, he *s bigger than me... Oh...yeah... Hi. It*s really a pleasure  to meet you. Lorraine doesn *t pay George the  slightest bit of  attention. She  only has eyes for Mart y. Stories. Science fic tion storie s... about sp ace travel ... and vis itors from othe r planets coming to earth. Oh, no. I never let anyb ody read my stories. What if they didn *t like \u2018em? What if they told me I was  not good? I couldn *t take that kind of rejection. Marty\u2019s having a bad case of deja vu. (continuin g) My father *s always  telling me that if I nev er let any one read my  work, I *ll have no future as a wri ter. I know he *s right... but I guess that *s just the way I am. (a beat) This must be pretty hard for you  to understand, huh? Well, I really couldn *t ask her. What if she says \u201cn o?\u201d I*d hate to be rejected.* * * * * * Well, it *s not like I don *t want to... It*s just that I kinda think she *d rather  go out with somebody el se. (points) Biff. Marty looks and reacts with horror Who \u2014 who are you? I must be drea ming... Mom! Dad! George  throws of f the cove rs, but Mar ty pulls th e portabl e hair drye r (from  Brown *s suitcase) out of his belt l ike a gun. He fires a blast of heat at George. All right! I surr ender ! Turn it off! Marty lowers it. Now his digital watch alarm begins You mean, take Lorraine to the d ance? But I don *t know  if I*ll be able\u2014  Marty turns on the Walkman again. G eorge No! Please ! I*m sorry, I *ll do it! I *ll take her to the dance \u2014 b ut please don *t turn that noise on again. Okay, Okay. George closes his eyes. Marty holds a  vial u nder Geo rge*s nose and George passes out. M arty removes the featherw eight he adphone s from Geo rge*s head, takes off his hood, and goes b ack out the window. I just woke up \u2014 I oversle pt. Look, you *ve gotta help me! I want to ask Lorraine out, but I don *t know how  to do it. All right. but what  do I say? Nothing *s coming to my mind. Huh? I*m wri ting i t dow n. Thi s is go od stu ff. Uh, Lorrain e... (reads) \u201cMy densi ty has brou ght me to you .\u201d Oh \u2014 what I me an to say i s... (big smile) Yes! I *m George. George M cFly. I *m your density \u2014 I me an, destiny. Lorraine giggles with her gi rl friends. We hear the sound of the door being thrown open and a familiar (quickly pul ls out his wallet) How m uch do  you w ant, B iff? As Biff starts to walk toward George, Marty sticks out his leg and T I still don *t understand. How can I go to the dance with her i f she *s going with I don *t want to hit you i n the stomach. Look, I *m not a fighter. But I*ve never picked a fight in  my life! At the dance. In the parkin g lot, with  her. Why? Why is she gonna get angry with y ou? You mean you *re gonna\u2014 Oh. Uh... You make it sound so easy . I wish I wasn *t so scared. Maybe i f I used my le ft... Yeeeoww w!! Goddammi t!! He*s really angry now , and he socks the bag with his left \u2014 and is eve n more al armed. H e runs o ver to a  nearby  What time do you have? Hey, you! Get your da mn hands \u2014 uh, oh! George realizes he *s facing Biff. Now he *s really scared. Uh, okay, Bi ff... He turns and takes a few steps. All right, Biff. You let her al one. (gulps) I am. Biff steps o ut of the car an d laughs loudly. Well, I\u2019ll hav e to think ab out it. Marty can *t believe what he *s heari ng. Now George and Lorraine head for the school. (to Dixon) Get lost , jerk! He yanks Dixon aw ay from Lorraine and shov es him hard, sending him spra wling into the refreshment table \u2014 right into the punch bowl! George takes Lo rraine in h is arms and ki sses her! You know, I *m gonna write all this  up in a story and se nd it in for publication . It Wrecked? There *s nothing w rong with my  car. In fact, B iff is out ther e waxing it ri ght now. Hey, Biff, don *t forget to wax the inside of the wheel covers. Yo u forgot that last time. (sitting back down) Some employees wil l get away with murder if you don *t stay on \u2018 em. I *ve had to keep him in line  ever since high schoo l. Although if it wasn *t for him, your mother and I woul d have nev er met. (calls into the kitchen) Bertha, how  about brin ging Marty his French Toast?228 229 Well, Bertha, you won *t have to pu t up with t hat tiny ki tchen much l onger. Just as soon as they fini sh painting the tennis cou rt and re-tiling the swimming po ol. It*ll be sad t o leave th is place, t hough. So man y memories.. . of you kids, a nd of my day s as a struggli ng writer. Two milli on, hard cov er.", "LORRAINE": "Kids, your Uncle Joe y didn *t make parole again. I think it would be nice if you all dropped hi m a line. We all make mistakes in life, children.* 15 * * * * Please watch your language, David. I don *t like her, Marty. Any  girl who calls up a boy is looking for trouble . Pass the mashed potatoes, please. Marty passes t hem and Lorrain e takes a  big hel ping. Well, I think it *s terrible, girls chasing bo ys. I never chased a b oy when I was your age. I never calle d a boy, or asked a boy  on a date, or sat in a p arked car with a boy. Bec ause when you beh ave like that, boys w on*t respect you, Linda.  They *ll think you *re cheap. Linda rolls her eye s. She *s heard this a millio n times. It*ll just hap pen. Like the  way I met your father. It was meant to be. What was i t, George ? Birdw atching ? (thought fully, remember ing) The next weekend, we went on our first (ignores him; to Marty an d Linda) Your father kissed me for the very first time on the dance floor... and that was when  I realize d I was goi ng to spend th e rest of my l ife with hi m. Marty and Linda e xchange a look and shake thei r heads. Well, I may hav e encouraged  him a littl e... You watch your mouth, y oung man. And excuse yo urself when you get up from the table. Marty is already o ut of the room. My name *s Lorraine. Lorraine Bai nes. Marty star es at her for a  long moment. Just relax, Calvin . You got quite a bruise on y our head. (points) Over there o n the chair. (notices the  color of his  underwear ) I*ve never seen red un derwear before, Calvin . Marty covers himsel f up. Well, isn *t that your name \u2014 Calv in Klein?  It*s written i n your und erwear. (sudden ly real izing) Oh \u2014 I guess people call you Cal. Well, I *m pleased to meet  you, Marty. She comes over and sits  on the bed right next to h im. She *s very in terested in him.* * * * * That is quite  a bruise th ere... She gently  strokes his b ruised forehe ad... and the n runs her ha nd through hi s hair. Ma rty moves even further \u2014 and fall s off the bed! He covers himsel f with the blankets. (to Marty) It*s my mother! Quick, put your pan ts back on! She throws him his pa nts. No thanks, M om. Now gruf f (to Mar ty, exp lainin g) Our first television set. Da d picked it up today. Do  you have a telev ision? Mother, w ith Marty *s parents out of town, don *t you think he should s pend* * * * * * And he can sleep in my  room. Calvin! I mean, Mart y! She*s so delighted to see M arty, she drops her books. Thank you. Oh, Marty, I was so w orried about you runni ng off like that the other night with that b ruise on y our head. Is it all righ t? Quit pawing me, Biff! Leave me a lone. Shut your fi lthy mouth!  I*m not that kinda girl! Get your hands off me! But Biff persists. Oh, Marty, that was w onderful!  Thank you. I beg your pardon? (looks at him cu riously) Haven *t I seen you somewhere ? (to her girlfriends) That*s Calvin Klein! Oh, God, he *s a dream! You know, you *re the first person who *s ever give n Biff a t aste of h is own medicine. Marty shrugs if off as no big deal. She moves toward him . He backs away. Marty, thi s may seem a  little forw ard, but I w as hoping y ou might take me  to the \u201cEnchantm ent Under the Sea \u201d Dance on Saturd ay. Yeah, he asked me, but I turned h im down. George just isn *t my type. He *s sort of cute and all, but he *s such a... well,99-A So what do you say about Sat urday? Why do you  think I *d mind? Marty, I *m almost 18 y ears old. It *s not like I *ve never parked before. She scoots over, very  close to him. Marty fidgets. Boy, is he nervou s! You see m nervo us, Mar ty. Is a nythin g wrong? Have some of this \u2014 it *ll help you relax.* * * 112 113 114 I swiped it from the old ma n*s liquor cab inet. She takes a nip. Why not? Don*t be so square, Marty. Ev erybody who *s anybody  does it. She hands i t to him. Now, Marty, you *re not going to tell me that smoking i s unhealthy. Every one knows that it calms your nerves and it *s good for the circulation. You know, y ou sound jus t like my mot her. When I have ki ds. I*m gonna let them do a nythin g they w ant. Any thing. So what are your pa rents like? Are they as s quare as mine? Marty, why are you so nervous? Marty takes a deep breath . You mean like how y ou*re supposed to act with  someone on a first date? I think I know exactly what you mean. I don *t worry ab out it! And with that, she throws herself on him, kissing him passionately. Marty is absolutely shocked! This isn *t right. (sighs) I don *t know what it is, bu t... when I kiss you, somethi ng*s wrong. I almost feel like... like I was kissi ng my brother... or my father. I don *t understand  it, but I just know it *s wrong. I guess that doesn *t make any se nse, does i t? Sounds like somebody *s coming . Marty hea rs it too. He  looks at the  dashboard c Let go of him! Leave him alo ne, Biff! You *re drunk. Biff takes a loo k at Lorraine  in the car. George! Help me! George doesn *t know wha t to do. He s tares in dum bfounded amaz ement.122 123 George! Please! Help me! George can *t stand it. He stops and goes back. He takes a deep breath. Stop it, Biff! You *ll break hi s arm! She tries to pull him away. He slaps he r backhand, knocking her down. Biff laughs. George *s expre ssion i mmediate ly goes  from pai n to rage  \u2014 inten se rage.. . and Geo rge lets go with a Aren *t you going to kiss me, George?130 131 132 I thought you only w rote science fiction. Why, thank you, Marty. Say, toni ght*s the big ni ght, right? You r big date w ith Suzy Parke r? Such a ni ce girl, I su re like her.226 * * 227 * You*re going up to the lake tonight, aren *t you? Haven *t you been planning it for 2 weeks? It was more than that. Your father literally came to my  rescue.  (sighs) It was so romantic!", "DAVE": "He*s your broth er, Mom. (checks watch) Damn, I *m late. He wi pes hi s mout h and hurries off. Sure, I always work on  Saturday. (confused, doesn *t understand) Marty, are  you all r ight? Sure, never better. Here, le t me take that \u2014 I *ll mail it from the office. Dave takes M arty*s envelope. Marty nods uneasil y and takes his place at the table. A bowl of fresh strawberries is wai ting for him. Now", "LINDA": "Yeah. I think it *s a major embarrassment having an  uncle in prison. (to Marty) Suzy P arker cal led... w ants yo u to cal l her ba ck. Oh, Mother, there *s nothing wrong  with calling a boy. Then how are you ever su pposed to meet a nybody? But that wa s so stupid ! Grandpa hi t him with  his car. I still don *t understand  what Dad was doing in the midd le of the stre et. Yeah, Mom, you *ve told us a milli on I can *t believe Dad actual ly got up enough nerve to  kiss you in public . Not th at I kno w of. Yeah, Dad, you *ve told us a milli on (rolls her eyes) Cornball city. Marty nods w ith comp lete un derstan ding.", "MARTY (O.S.)": "May I be excused ? She said to  get your han ds off her. Biff turns  to find himself  facing Marty.", "MA": "What is it, Pa?", "PA": "Looks like an  airplane. . .without wings... Run, children! Run for yo ur lives! They all run like hel l out of the barn! Marty takes a few steps, the n removes the hood. Take that, you mutated son-of-a-bitch! He squeezes off the second barrel! Shot expl odes in the  dirt near M arty*s feet! He dashes back into the b arn! Pa breaks the gun and reloads, then moves cautiously  toward the barn. Just as he*s about to enter , the You space bastard! You kil led one of my pines! Pa (extremely  upset) Now I only got one. Now he looks up and sees Ma coming out of the barn . She *s dazed, rubbing her head . Ma! Are y ou all righ t! Sherman runs over, terrified, w ith a rolled up somethi ng in his hand. What the hell are you talking *, boy?", "SHERMAN": "Airplane?  It*s a flying saucer, Pa! From ou ter space! The driver *s gull wing door rises slowly... just like a hatch. Pa motions t hem all bac k. They watc h expectan tly, uneas ily, wi th expressi ons of curios ity mixed wi th fear. Now Marty steps o ut, dazed \u2014 he *s in the radiation sui t, and the Look, Pa \u2014 it *s already mutated into  human form! Sh oot it! Pa raises his shotgun and Pa! No! Don *t go near her! She *s a zombie! She *s got no more free will! The spaceman took over her brain ! Read this! It*s all right here!* * *", "NEWSCASTER (V.O.)": "...and President Eisenhower predicted that 1955 would see an increase in housing star ts...", "DJ": "", "(V.O. RADIO)": "And now, o ne of the top r ecords of the week... Marty turn s up the vo", "LOU": "Lookin * for something, kid? You gonna order something, kid? Kid, if you  want a Pe psi, you go tta pay for i t. No, I don *t know. Sweet and  what? (eyeing him susp iciously) Say, kid, you *d better  pay for th is right  now. A 20? What do you think this is, a bank? I can *t break a 20 for a nickel cup of coffee. (suddenly suspicious) Say, what *s a kid your age doing w ith a 20 dollar bill anyway? Marty gulps, p ulls a nickel o ut of his  pocket a nd takes  back his  20. Lou  gives h im a loo k, then walks away. Marty raises his co ffee cup and just as he *s about to ta ke a sip... (has hea rd the re mark) Watch it, Goldie. Ha! A colored mayor! That *ll be the day! Just keep sweeping, Goldie . Now Mart y notices that George ha s left. He goes  out after him.", "INT. CAF\u00c9": "Marty saunters out of the phone booth and takes a seat at the counter.  A", "VOICE (O.S.)": "Hey, McFly! Hi, Calvin \u2014 I mean, Mar ty. Marty turn How about  a ride, mis ter? Marty turns \u2014 it *s", "NERDY KID": "Uh, hi, Biff, how *s it goi ng? Yes, the punk is", "SKINHEAD": "Biff \u2014 get a load of his shoes. This d ork thinks he *s a leprechaun \u2014 he painted \u2018em green!* * It*s a board w ith a roll er skate nail ed under it . 3 Hey \u2014 let *s lock hi m in tha t trunk! They throw Marty i nto the car trunk and slam the l id shut. Then, the Cadill ac*s driver *s door is thrown open and the Hey, I don *t want to mess with n o reefer addicts! Biff*s boys take off (in the opposite direction from the Packard), but M arvin and the band manage to kic k \u2018em all in the ass as  they run away. Now we h ear beating o n the trunk from t he inside,  and Marty *s muffled voice.", "GOLDIE": "Say, wha t do let that  boy push y ou around for? Stand tall, boy. Hav e some respect for yourself. You l et people walk over you now, they *ll be walkin * over you for the rest of yo ur life. Look at me. You think I *m gonna spend the rest of my li fe in this slophouse? Mayor? That *s a good ide a! I could ru n for mayor! George slips out as the conv ersation continues. You wait and see, M r. Carruthers . I*m gonna be may or. (to hi mself) \u201cMayor Gol die Wilson.\u201d I l ike the soun d of that.", "DISSOLVE TO:": " ", "WOMAN": "Ssshhh. Everything *s going to be all right. It sounds like his mother. He  opens his eyes. Al l he can see is her si lhouette. Take it easy, now... you *ve been asleep for almost 9 hours.50 * 51 52 53 54 Well, you *re safe and sound, back where you belong, in good old  1955. ", "STELLA (O.S.)": "Lorraine? Are you up there? We hear", "STELLA": "That*s Milton, that *s Sally, that *s Toby... (contin uing) ...and next to you  there in the playpen  is little Joey. Marty turns and looks with amazement at 11-month old Oh, yes,  little Joey l oves be ing in h is pen.  He actu ally c ries w hen we  take him out, so we leave him in there all the time \u2014 it seems to make him happy. Have some me at loaf, Marty.* 55 * (calls int o the other r oom) Sam, would  you quit fid dling wit h that thing a nd come in h ere and eat? (to Milton) Milton, don *t eat so fast! (to Lorraine) Lorraine, you *re not eating enough. Have s ome mashed potatoes. Milton, he *s teasing you. Nobody has two televisi on sets. \u201cThe Honeymooners\u201d has resumed \u2014 the classic \u201cMan Fro m Space\u201d episode.56 57 * * Marty, I *d like to give your mothe r a call and let her know  you*re all right . Why not? Marty, Lorraine is ri ght. You must spend the night. You *re our responsib ility.", "SAM": "Look at Look at that Quiet! I want to hear this! Riverside? Sure, it *s on the east end of town, a  block past Maple. Pardon me? Who in the  world is John", "MILTON": "Oh boy! Sam fiddles with the ra bbit ears an d brings in a rather mudd y image of a c igarette commercial. Wow! You must be rich! What do you mean, you *ve seen it ? It*s brand ne w. What *s a rerun?", "ON TV": "a The part of the tape comes up about the Plutonium. We see the image of the Pluton ium cannister w ith old Dr.  Brown nex t to it. ", "OLD BROWN": "(on (on", "STRICKLAND": "McFly! Shape up, man! He pull s the si gn off Georg e*s shirt and shows it t o him. You*re a slacker! Do you w ant to be a slacker for the rest of y our life? George shak es his head unconvinc ingly. Marty and  Brown lo ok down the  hall in th e opposite direction w here", "BIFF (O.S.)": "McFly, I thought I told you never to come in here! George turns and sees Biff and his gan g standing there. He shudders. Marty drops his hea d in his hands and si ghs.", "KID": "Wow! Look at him go!", "ANOTHER KID": "What is that  thing?", "EXT. STREET": "Another car comes up from behind Marty. As it passes, M arty grabs onto the back and hooks a ride! Biff cuts a U-Tu rn and conti nues the pur suit. The DeLorean passes a hand -painted white lin e on the street \u2014 Brown h as also painted the words \u201c The DeLorean  peels out! The  The DeLorean *s time coils light up and the vehicle is sent The DeLorean speeds down the street, then", "EXT. CAF\u00c9": "Marty, towed by the car, zooms past the caf\u00e9. The sp ectators are truly amazed. Lorraine stares in open-mouthed aw e.92 93", "MATCH": "What is that thing he *s on?", "FORECASTER": "", "COP": "Evening, Dr. Brown. What *s with the wire?106 107 108 109 (notices the tarped DeLorean ) And what *s under here? You got a permit for this? (hesitant) You*re... not going to set anything on fire this time, are you, Dr. B rown? Brown looks to Marty  for guidance. Marty shakes hi s head. In that c ase, goo d luck. He continu es down th e street.", "MARVIN": "We*re gonna  take a br eak now, b ut we *ll be back in just a li ttle while, so don*t go away. The band membe rs leave th eir instrume nts on the st age and head  out a side door. Who you callin * \u201cspook,\u201d peckerwood? Biff*s boys ex change worr ied looks a s the band me mbers advan ce on them. Hey, Regin ald, where *s your keys? The drummer checks his pockets, and in side the car. He can *t find them. Dammit, boy, y ou left t hem sucke rs in th e trunk! Damnit \u2014 I sliced my ha nd! Marty jumps ou t of the tr unk. Sorry, my  friend,  but we *re through for to night. (into phone) Chuck? This is Marvi n! (pauses) Marvin Berry! You r cousin! Now, listen  \u2014 I think this is the sound  you*ve been lookin g for...136 137", "STUDENT": "Five after nine. George is pan ic stricken! He runs li ke hell out of the gym!", "DRUMMER": "Say, what you messin * with my c ar for? Look at Marvin *s hand! He can *t play with it l ike that. And we can *t play without Marvin. Hey, man, the dance is o ver... unless you know  somebody who can p lay guitar. Marty looks at Marv in and smiles. Hey, man...what *s wrong ?", "SCREAMIN G.": "Now", "EXT. PACKARD": "Biff twi sts Georg e*s arm harder.", "DIXON": "Beat it, M cFly, I *m cuttin * in. He pushes George out of the way . ", "ON STAGE": "Marty is euphoric. He remembers how to play, and jumps into the opening riff of \u201cJo hnny", "FEEDBACK.": "This goes a little too far for 1955 musical tastes \u2014 the band sto ps playing, and the kids stop dan cing. The y all w atch Ma rty, not  sure w hat to th ink. Marty suddenly re alizes he *s gone too far. He smiles sheepi shly and steps up to th e microphone.", "INSERT": "The readout l abeled \u201cDe stination Ti me\u201d lights up  to read", "INT. DELOREAN": "Marty turn s the key in  the ignitio n and revs it up. He pu ts the car in  gear. Marty is still fid dling with destinati on time.166 167 168 169 170 171 Marty is still try ing to get the car restarted. Now the   Marty gets in, and Suz y sits on h is lap. Sh e closes th e door.", "DR. BROWN": "lets out a whoop of del ight and relief as he *s drenched by the delu ge. jumps ou t, more wi ld-eyed an d frant ic than we *ve ever se en him. His  clothes are particularly biza rre \u2014 a weird mixture of past and", "THE CLOCK": "is stopped at", "THE BUM": "shakes his head.", "BUM": "Crazy dru nk driver. He goes back to sleep.", "HIS P.O.V.": "The Terrorist leans out of the van  with the machine gun. The Terrorist v an turns and  goes after the younger Ma rty. Just as  before, Mart y dives i nto the De Lorea n and roars  off.", "TERRORIST": "Dr. Brown, you America n dog, you have betray ed our cause! For that you die! He", "BERTHA": "When will the new house  be ready, sir?"}, "batman-returns.pdf": {"\"BATMAN RETURNS\"": "by Daniel Waters [with revisions by Wesley Strick] August 1, 1991", "SOFT COPY.": "", "HAPPY COUPLE": "Merry Christmas! Father and Mother fake a smiling response that collapses as the happy couple passes.  They then brake at a story- book bridge over a bubbling brook.  With dark nonchalance, Father and Mother each grab an end of the carriage and heave it upward.", "GO TO...": "", "PLAZA--EVENING": "A dewy-eyed young lovely, wearing a snow bunny fur, a tiara, and a banner streamed across her chest that reads", "ICE PRINCESS": "She let me go.  I think 'cause I reasoned with her, girl to girl.", "WORSE?\"": "", "PAPERBOY": "Penguin Forgives Parents ... \"I'm Fully At Peace With Myself and the World ...\" All around him, charmed Gothamites read each other their fave quotes from the cover story.", "ALFRED": "Well ... Come what may... Merry Christmas, Mr. Wayne.", "MAYOR": "Probably not.  But he'll always help us.", "MAX": "One way to find out? He fires a shot, that rips into her arm.  And another, that smashes into her leg.  Still coming, she pulls off her hood.", "CHIP": "Selina ... Ms. Kyle... May I have this -- Bruce cuts in and Selina lets", "retort:": "", "SELINA": "Hmm, two lives left.  Think I'll save one for next Christmas. Meantime how 'bout a kiss, Santey Claus? A panicked Max has backed against the generator.", "joviality:": "", "A RASP": "Oh, but you can.  Oh, but you will ... His clammy flipper rises up, barely into the light, to flick open a rusted, ornately battered time-piece.  One minute till.", "PENGUIN.": "", "GORDON": "Think he'll ever forgive us?", "ORGAN GRINDER": "Would'ya hurry up loading those kids already..? A shadow falls... The silhouette of a caped figure... Batman reaches down and yanks the Organ Grinder", "KNIFETHROWER DAME": "Oswald ... someone here to see you. She nods at Penguin's bed, in the corner.  He lights up as he sees Catwoman, sexily curled up on the mattress. (Hanging above is a birdcage, where Penguin's filthy", "SWORD SWALLOWER": "Not you.  Shreck. Now Chip heroically stands.", "FAT CLOWN": "My lips are sealed. Penguin punches up the controls so the image of Batman plowing through the sewers is spread out across the screens in Cinerama.", "EXT./INT. BATMOBILE--NIGHT": "The Batmobile rockets toward the viewer, the bat insignia reflecting off the windshield.  It plows through the gargantuan \"present,\" shredding it to pieces. Three", "CLOWN": "Why, the ride of your life.  Hey c'mon, little guy ... The Clown reaches out a hand.  The Boy eagerly steps up onto the sill, then disappears into the night ... 2.  A cute bathroom.  Sheep, daisies, and the Alphabet adorn the walls.  A Toddler is standing here, making", "BATMAN": "Don't you see, we're the same... split down the middle... please... Batman rips off his mask, looks straight at her.", "MOM'S VOICE": "-- \"but\" I'm disappointed you're not coming home for Christmas.  I was looking forward to discussing your life.  To hearing just why you insist on languishing in Gotham City as some lowly secretary --", "GRUFF WOMAN": "Selina ... We've missed you at the rape prevention class ... It's not enough to master martial arts.  Hey, Elvis knew those moves, and he died fat.  You must stop seeing yourself as a vict--", "as:": "Penguin rises like a wraith behind him, soaking and bleeding and sweating.  Wiping his brow and gasping for breath, he stumbles toward the shorted-out compressor, using his long, elegant umbrellas for support.", "exits:": "", "PENGUIN": "Of ice-water ... One flipper feels for the block of ice ... it's just an inch away ... And then the flipper falls. Penguin belongs to the ages. A beat, then Bruce/Batman sets down the deadly umbrella and silently watches, slightly", "Then:": "", "ACROBAT-THUG": "I'm not one for speeches, so I'll just say \"Thanks\". The Mayor lunges for the attacker and gets pivot-kicked to the ground.  The", "THUG'S VOICE": "Hey!  Oww! Now the", "IN:": "", "ANCHORMAN'S VOICE": "Gotham's leading citizen, Max Shreck, had been on a fact-finding mission in Gotham Plaza... Shreck whispers something in Penguin's pointy little ear -- c'mon, you're a hero, it's your moment.  Embarrassed, but -- aw, what the hell -- Penguin takes a little bow.", "PA.": "", "staring, at:": "", "BRUCE": "And women.", "AGGRESSIVE REPORTER": "Oswald Cobblepot, the mystery man-beast who's been delighting Gotham, today made his bid to deliver Gotham ... from ruffians who've run riot, and from a Mayor he's called \"impotent, inept ...\"", "again:": "", "sweet squawk:": "", "headline:": "", "MAN": "Abandoned penguins from the old Arctic World raised him... The", "WOMAN": "Makes you remember the true meaning of the holiday.  The love, the giving ... Forget Christmas shopping ... It's a virtual sea of the late-city edition.  Hot-off-the-presses newspapers everywhere ...", "ALFRED'S VOICE": "Coming ... Are you hurt?", "Finally:": "", "INT. CORRIDOR--DAY": "Bruce punches the down button to punctuate the", "MAX'S VOICE": "I got plans for us, below. A lone Volunteer tapes red, white and blue bunting around the perimeter of the room.  Bunting never looked so ominous.", "FEMALE VICTIM": "(rushing up) Thank you, thank you, I was so scared... Catwoman swats the Female Victim back against a wall.", "MUGGER": "Who the... Catwoman smiles politely, and puts away her whip.", "CATWOMAN": "You're the light of Gotham City? So be the light of Gotham City! Selina shoves the sparking half-a-stun-gun into her mouth like a suicidal pacifier, then grabs Max in a close embrace.", "Victim's ear:": "", "JOSH": "Jen, look over there, but don't stare.", "JEN": "(staring) My god.  How rude. They are revealed to be looking at Bruce Wayne strutting down the main aisle, dressed dramatically as......BRUCE", "change:": "", "THIN CLOWN": "Boss ... he's got a note! Indeed, the monkey waves a little piece of stationary, which Penguin snatches from him. And", "TATTOOED STRONGMAN": "You call that a... The Tattooed Strongman stops laughing when he looks down and sees that Batman has attached the Thin Clown's bomb to the Not-so-Strongman's leopard skin.  Batman gives him a calm, firm push into an open manhole. An explosion geysers out of it.  Batman turns from the", "sand:": "", "murmurs:": "", "VOLUNTEER BIMBO": "Mr. Cobblepot, you're the coolest role model a young person could have ...", "crotch:": "", "PENGUIN'S VOICE": "\"This stinking city, stinking city ...\" Mortified, Penguin spazzes -- looking, for a second, like a rapper.  His performance is greeted with snowballs ... then a couple of eggs and tomatoes find their way to his face.", "herself:": "", "and reviewing:": "", "part:": "", "INSERT--TV SCREEN": "An", "COMMISSIONER GORDON": "Hold your f-- Too late.  The volley of bullets violently ripple against Batman's armor, sending him over the edge of the building. He clangs onto a terrace railing, then lands on another ...", "INT. BATCAVE--NIGHT": "Opening his vault, Bruce breaks out the Bat suit and begins to get into it.", "CATWOMAN (O.S.)": "Did someone say 'fish'? She drops from the ceiling.", "CROWD MEMBER": "Batman?  Batman pushed the Princess! The devastated Mayor and his staff follow, with their heads, the trajectory of the Princess -- which corre- sponds to that of their careers. Her body slams down onto the gaily multi-colored button.", "EXT. TERRACE--NIGHT": "Still straddling the winded", "EXT. PLAZA--NIGHT": "Penguin is escorted through the crowd toward a", "INT. BATMOBILE--NIGHT": "As Batman continues to tear at his", "EXT. STREET--NIGHT": "The two Police Cars give chase, blowing out their weaponry at the Batmobile.", "DEAD-END STREET": "The Batmobile swooshes onto a road that has two brick buildings towering at the end of it with only a small not-quite-a-car-let-alone-a-Batmobile-size gap between them.", "POLICEMAN": "(shouts) He'll never fit!", "EXT. BATMOBILE--NIGHT": "The sides of the Batmobile break off and clang to the ground and the wheels of the car remarkably contort in a single-file roller blade configuration, leaving only a", "CD.": "", "CHEER.": "", "horrified throng:": "", "Duck:": "", "Then barks:": "", "hear:": "", "NANNY'S VOICE": "Billy ... If you're not brushing, I'll tell your Mama ... Suddenly, in the mirror, the Organ Grinder appears, monkey scampering across his shoulders.  The Toddler starts to scream, but the Organ Grinder clamps a huge hand over his mouth --", "BATMAN (V.O.)": "... 28 degrees west.  Shall we?", "OFF-SCREEN.": ""}, "batman1989.php": {"FADE IN:": "", "anomaly:": "long since boarded up and scheduled for demolition. On the rooftop far above us,", "MOM": "For God's sake, Harold, can we please just get a taxi??", "DAD": "I know where we are!", "JIMMY": "Seventh is that way.", "VOICE": "Yo. The frightened", "DERELICT": "Mister. How about it. One dollar? (standing up) One dollar, man. Are you deaf? Are you deaf? -- Do you speak English?? By now the", "STREET PUNK": "Do the kid a favor, lady. Don't scream. The poor woman is utterly horrified.", "NICK": "A bat, I tell you, a giant bat! He wanted me to do him a favor...!", "CLANG:": "", "EDDIE": "You shouldn'ta turned the gun on that kid, man. You shouldn'ta --", "DROP.": "Standing at the edge of the roof, bathed in moonlight, is a", "BATMAN": "... Murderer...", "CUT TO:": "", "DENT": "I don't know. I'm just a", "JACK NAPIER": "Decent people shouldn't live here. They'd be much happier someplace else.", "ALICIA": "I thought you ought to know -- he's coming for you...", "JACK": "", "activity:": "", "MEDIC.": "", "MEDIC": "That one there won't say a word. The other one's raving his head off.", "ECKHARDT": "(snidely) Nice work, Commissioner.", "PATROLMAN.": "", "PATROLMAN": "Lt. Eckhardt, sir.", "KNOX": "Jesus, Vicki. That quickly, he's dead.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "COLLEAGUE": "Hey Knox, you got a visitor.", "VICKI": "I guess you did it, didn't you. You saved everyone. (pause) Almost. For a moment he stares deeply into her eyes. Then he pulls her over, takes her in a tight embrace.", "GRISSOM": "Jack -- I'm warning you.", "LIEUTENANT": "How do we go? The usual fire?", "ALFRED": "No, Mr. Wayne is in Thailand. I'm afraid he's quite unreachable.", "GORDON": "Cut the deal.", "BRUCE WAYNE": "You disappoint me. Why not the world?", "BRUCE": "I don't know how to explain this so it makes sense... but you saved me.", "SAFECRACKER": "... Empty.", "HOOD I": "Just like the file cabinets.", "HOOD II": "I don't get it. If this place is cleaned out already, what do we need five men?", "COP": "There's somebody in there! They", "HOOD V": "Nobody makes a move. We go out clean.", "himself:": "strolls across the floor to a Jacob's ladder mounted on the back wall... and", "JACK'S VOICE": "", "swirl past:": "--", "MIRANDA": "That was one of the most gracious fuck-yous it's ever been my pleasure Page 30/117", "TUMULTUOUS APPLAUSE.": "", "WIDER ANGLE": "", "DOCTOR": "You understand the facial muscles were completely severed --", "JACK (V.O.)": "Mirror.", "BRUCE:": "It's almost as though", "GRISSOM (O.S.)": "That you, sugar bumps?", "JOKER": "Bruce, we're both murderers. Think how many people you've killed by letting me live. A", "bathroom:": "She breaks into a huge smile and climbs out of bed. Somehow she's wound up wearing BRUCE's ribbed formal shirt.", "COPY BOY": "Here's that morgue file you wanted.", "WAYNE:": "through old clippings from back issues of the Globe.", "DOORMAN": "Miss Hunt! (smiling) No need to sneak in. The rent's been taken care of.", "JOKER (O.S.)": "So that's how it is, gents. Until Grissom decides it's safe to come up for air... I'm running the show. Now we see what they", "GANG BOSS": "So why don't we hear this from Grissom?", "RACKETEER": "I got something I'd like to know. How come you're wearing that stupid smirk?", "ROTELLI": "That's it?", "CRIMELORD": "... You're insane! The", "FLAMETHROWER.": "", "ANCHORWOMAN": "As the details of the Joker's heinous plan become known, a city's gratitude goes out to the mysterious Batman. His whereabouts remain unknown, but Batman -- if you're alive -- if you're listening --", "Then:": "", "CLAIRE": "(cattily) Oh. Really. Well. -- Come on, dear, Tony's dying to see you. In a corner of the studio,", "TONY": "Yes, ladies, smiles, show me those smiles, fabulous, tropical smiles, think Tahiti, I want to see teeth, yes, those glorious teeth -- As", "SUPERMODELS.": "", "PATSY": "The fashion world was stunned today by the sudden deaths of top models Kelly Brinkley and Christie Emberg. Cause of death has been attributed to a violent allergic reaction, although authorities have not yet", "TECHNICIAN": "I", "reads:": "", "HIS POV:": "begins to squall.", "ANCHORMAN": "Men's cologne toothpaste mouthwash -- underarm deodorant -- -    A", "MAITRE D'": "No, but your table is ready.", "WAITER": "Miss Vale, this just arrived for you. As the", "WHAT?": "", "VICKI)": "I'm in trouble now. (to", "WHICH CAR?": "", "COMPUTER": "... Detonate. A beat.", "GOON": "Hey, boss, something's up. The elevator's working.", "PAVEMENT.": "", "GOON I": "Who cares? Wax that freak. They turn their attention to", "JOKER (V.O.)": "", "GOON II": "Did you hit her?", "GOON III": "Goddam, it's the redhead!", "GOON IV": "Good idea. Let's check his wallet.", "ON VICKI:": "Her voice trails off. She's profoundly shaken. She knows.", "ON BRUCE:": "He hears the click. His lips part slightly. He hangs up and sits there at the desk, staring straight ahead.", "BATMAN (V.O.)": "(over radio) Ignition.", "HEADLIGHTS.": "", "BRUCE (V.O.)": "Vicki? Vi -- She returns the receiver to its cradle.", "news:": "", "WAILING COLLEAGUE": "... a nine-million-dollar bath!", "VICKI (V.O.)": "(filter) I'm serious, Bruce. We have to -- At this very moment, a", "FINANCIER": "Hi, Bruce.", "POLITICOS.": "", "ADVISER": "Harvey, the police are working round the clock, the feds are coming in. This thing could break any minute now. Page 78/117", "POLITICO": "Harvey's right. We've got the 300th anniversary gala coming up. The networks won't even send in a crew.", "NEWS ANCHOR": "... at City Hall, where the mayor is waiting to open negotiations with the clown-faced terrorist known as the Joker. It is now eight minutes past the appointed deadline, and still no word from --", "REPORTER I": "Look at 'em sweat. Can't wait for the next Gallup Poll.", "REPORTER II": "Hey Knox, cheer up. It ain't the Batman but it's pretty choice.", "MAYOR": "No, wait, please! We'll talk. Just tell us what you expect.", "ALFRED (V.O.)": "", "DELIVERY BOY": "Package tor Miss Vale.", "THUG I": "Hi, Miss Vale. Let's not put up a fight, huh? 'Cause we'd hate to have to --", "DRIVER": "It's some kind of detour. They're backed up for blocks! The", "EMCEE": "-- the most spectacular, most death- defying aerial stunt ever devised. Tonight -- for the first time anywhere --", "PILOT": "", "DICK": "Forget it. Relax. (beat) ... He's mine now.", "MY --": "", "REPORTER": "... on a tip attributed to the mysterious Batman. The apartment was booby-trapped with the Joker's laughing gas, leaving 17 policemen dead. (beat)", "DISPATCHER": "Boston,", "COLLAPSES ALTOGETHER.": "", "microphone:": "", "GOVERNOR GILROY": "As Governor of this great state, it is now my honor to unveil for you a very special lady -- a lady who stands tall for life and liberty -- America's favorite lady...", "GOING DARK.": "", "PRE-RECORDED MESSAGE:": "", "legend:": "Far off in the distance,", "BATWING:": "", "INT. BELLTOWER": "The", "EXT. BELLTOWER": "A maelstrom of swirling leaves. And now, among the leaves -- roused from their resting place in the rotten rafters of the old cathedral -- -- A", "CO-PILOT": "", "POV JOKER:": "Looking up he sees a beautiful display of fireworks, bursting and burning, spirals of color snaking through the sky as the helicopter explodes in eerie silence."}, "batmanforever.php": {"TWO-FACE:": "Let's say we flip for it? his brother a coward. [Whispers] Babies starve, politicians grow fat... ...holy men are martyred, and junkies grow legion. Why? Luck! [Shouts] Blind, stupid, simple, doo-dah... ...clueless luck! [Cackles] ...is the only true justice. Let's see what justice has in store... ...for you. [Chuckles] It's like the touch of God. Wait, wait, wait. [Gasps] Page 2/54   better than live bait to trap a bat. [Chaotic reactions from crowd] [Batman Forever theme song plays, background] [Crowd shouting and talking excitedly] Hot entrance. [Cackles] [Cackles] [Bell rings] Blast him! [Rapid machine-gun blasts] [Silence] Yes! Haul away! [Mechanical rattling] [Cackles hysterically] [Cackles] [Roaring explosion] [Gasps] Let's see. ... and gentlemen! Now, the new management of the circus invites you to forget... ... this good, wholesome fun... ... and join us in a celebration of absolute chaos... Bruised, broken, bleeding... [Yells] ... in a [Whispers] Gotham's finest... ... well-to-do... ... influential. Surely one of you knows who Batman is. Hell, odds are one of you pasty-faced twits is Batman! [Rapid machine-gun blasts] [Cackles] [Tires squealing] [Rapid machine-gun blasts] [Cackles] [Rapid machine-gun blasts] Ladies, you spoil us! We're of two minds about what to eat first. [Ding] Page 26/54 Just a friend. But you can call me... ...The Riddler. [Riddler chuckles] I'll call you dead, is more like it! How did you find us? Talk! There is a good one. - Leave that. I'll attend to it. - I'm not used to being waited on. [Gasps] Don't shoot me! It's only an old-fashioned, low-tech stickup! We're interested in the [Explosion] [Electronic hissing] [Laughs] Oh! [Zooming] That sinking feeling. I like this game. [Explosion] [Thunderous explosion] [Riddler gasps] You sunk my battleship! Who, me? [Riddler cackles] Let us die! after our own heart, son! [Gasps] I'll see you in hell! [Both gasping] I'd rather see you in jail! [Gasping] The Bat's taught you well. Stupid... ...but noble. [Loud, distorted sound effects] [Screeching] Riddle me this. Riddle me that. [Cackles] Aren't you forgetting something? Your coin. You're always of two minds. Yes, of course. You're right. Emotion's always the enemy", "BANK GUARD:": " [Short, rapid gasps] [Loud, distorted sound effects] Oh, no! [More distorted and echoing sound effects] [Bank guard screams] [Chaotic yelling and screaming from crowd] For your dying pleasure, we are serving the acid that made us the men we are!  [Cackles hysterically] Aah! [Wailing] Thanks. My shoes are melting! [Dramatic instrumental music, background] [Two-Face screams] [Hissing] [Clank] [Bank guard gasps] Hang on. [Gasps] Hang on?", "CHASE:": "The Second Bank of Gotham... I'm Chase Meridian. of right and wrong no longer apply. Exactly. I could write a hell of a paper on a man who dresses like a flying rodent. Bats aren't rodents, Dr. Meridian. Really? I didn't know that. You are interesting. [Propellers pelting overhead] I sent the signal. What's wrong? Last night at the bank I noticed something about It's his Achilles' heel. It can be exploited. the wine... ...you bring your scarred psyche. Direct, aren't you? I've done my homework. Or do I need skintight vinyl and a whip? I haven't had much luck with women. Maybe you just haven't met the right woman. [Door opens] ...how can I help you? Someone's been sending me love letters. One at my office and one at my home. Commissioner Gordon thought you might give me your opinion. A clock. \"What once was red is black instead.\" A match. My He's obsessed with you. His only escape may be to purge the fixation. To kill me. I think you understand obsession better than you let on. An inkblot. People see what they want. Still playing with dolls? Some cultures believe she protects you from bad dreams. You look so sad. Do you need one? Me? No. Why would are you? What is it you really came here for? Yikes, time's up. That's usually my line. It's on the table. I hope you like it. Call it clinical intuition. I thought your dreams needed changing. My parents were murdered before me... ...when I was a kid. that's trying to surface. [Tea-kettle hisses] I'll be right back. Is it possible there's an aspect of your parents' death you haven't faced? You were so young when it happened. I think he's fascinating. Clinically. Why does a man do this? It's as if he's cursed to pay a penance. What crime could he have committed to deserve a life of nightly torture? I can't believe this. I've imagined this moment since I first saw you. Your eyes... Page 40/54 ...I'm wishing you were somebody else. [Sighs] I guess a girl has to grow up sometime. He's not you. I hope you can understand. I understand. Well... [Zoom] [Two-Face wails]  [Rat squeaks] I asked you here tonight because there's something I wanted to tell you. I wanted to tell you something too. And since... ...since I met you, [Gunshot echoes] Don't eat too much tonight or you'll be sick in your beds. [Upbeat instrumental music, background] [Children giggle and talk excitedly] [Two-Face cackles] It's all right. I'm here. [Priest reciting prayers]  ", "BATMAN:": "of the day I captured him. A trauma powerful enough to create an alternate personality leaves one...  [Shrieks] Hey! You called me for this? The Batsignal is not a beeper. I wish I could say that my interest in you was... ...purely professional. Are you trying to get under my cape? My life's an open book. You read? I don't blend in at a family picnic. False alarm. Are you sure? [Dramatic instrumental music, background] Women. [Batmobile engine roars] [Crackling] ... or by air? What's that stand for? Robin. Riddler and Two-Face can make a pretty lethal combination. You could use a hand. Two against two are better odds.  to save them or myself. It's all one giant death-trap. Judges? [Honks] I'm sorry. Your answer must be in the form of a question. I have a riddle for you. For me? [Whispers] Really? Tell me. I see without seeing. To me, darkness is as clear as daylight.", "COMMISSIONER:": "to consult on the case. She specializes in... Abnormal psychology, multiple personalities. I read your work. Insightful. Naive, but insightful. I'm flattered. Not every girl He's got innocent people up there. Get him down. Take it easy with him. Just stay calm. [Zooming] [Cackles] This'll fix him!  Where's it coming from? There!  Shut it down. Wait a minute! Wait a minute! [Batmobile engine roars] [Yells] Hey, go! Go! Go! [Dramatic instrumental music, background]", "PILOT:": "Hey, Face! [Cackles] [Screams] No! [Rapid machine-gun blasts] [Bang, Two-Face grunts] [Smash]", "NEWSCASTER:": "last night by Batman... ... Harvey Two-Face is still at large and extremely dangerous. In other news today... ... billionaire Bruce Wayne extended his profit-sharing program... once Gotham's District Attorney... ... was horribly scarred by underworld kingpin, Boss Moroni. Although Batman tried to save him... ... Dent's left-brain damage turned him into a violent criminal... all of Gotham society has turned out... ... for Edward Nygma's gala unveiling of his New Improved Box. Thanks, Al. Page 35/54 and dancing the night away... ... on the glamorous roof of the Ritz Gotham. [Upbeat instrumental music, background]", "STICKLEY:": " a departmental highlight. [Gasps] Oh, my God, it's him. I am a winner. I am a winner. I am a winner. I am a winner. Page 7/54 - I terminated his project today. - It's okay. Back to work! We'll discuss this later! [Sobs] You were supposed to understand. I'll make you understand. [Dramatic instrumental music, background] Lock. What the hell is going on here? I told you this project is terminated! I'm calling Security! [Thud] [Shouts] Caffeine will kill you! [Ding] You touch that switch and... This? [High-pitched zoom] [Sighs] [Edward laughs softly] [Electronic sound effects] unethical toad! It is brain manipulation! experimentation board! The ...to court, to jail... [Edward hums] ...and then to a mental institution for the rest of your life! But, first and foremost, Nygma, you are fired! Whoa! [Sobbing] [Roaring vibrations]", "EDWARD:": "We've never actually met, but your name was on the hiring slip. I have it. I need that hand back. Oh, yes, of course. I'm sorry. It's just that... ...of Wayne Enterprises... ...is brain waves. [Rattling] Voil! [Gasps excitedly] Page 8/54 feel like they're inside the show. Why be brutalized by an uncaring world? Did you say \"manipulating brain waves\"? [Pants] Yes. ... someone like you would never need it. Someone so... ... intelligent, witty and... [Sirens blaring in distance] ... charming. I need a bit of additional funding [Softly] I think I deserve it. Ha! \"Too many questions. There's too many questions. Page 11/54 Rise and shine, little guinea pig. What are you doing? Untie me! At least, I don't think it will. More power! [Zap] [Stickley screams] [Both scream] [Voice vibrates] [Hoots and hollers] [Goofy chuckling] Oh, Stickley, I'm having a breakthrough! And a breakdown? Maybe! Nevertheless, I'm smarter. I'm a genius. No, several geniuses. A gaggle, a swarm... ... and nothing to everyone else? [Shouts] Your mind, baby! Now mine pumps with the power of yours! [Sings] \"I'm sucking up your [Both gasping] Babe! You are fired! ...terminated? [Stickley's screaming echoes] [Yells] Surf's up, Big Kahuna! [Crash] Oohhh! Nice form, but rough on the landing. Humph! See you soon. [Ambient traffic sounds] [Dramatic instrumental music continues, background] [Electronic beeping] [High-pitched ringing] [Sighs] [Riddler doll chuckles] [High-pitched ringing] Thank you. Thank you so much. [Giggling] of the action! [Upbeat instrumental music, background] Nygma Tech brings the joy of Bruce, old man. The press wonders what it's like to be outsold, outclassed, out-coifed and... ...generally outdone in every way. Hello, Edward. Congratulations. Great party. Nice suit. ...the future! My New Improved Box offers fully-interactive holographic fantasies. [Crowd gasps in astonishment] Edward, you're dashing and a genius. How do you create these images, hon? Step inside. Give it a try. If you can introduce images into the mind, what stops you from... ...extracting images out of the mind? Oh... Too timid to try my machine? Just say so. Just stay calm! Excuse me! Are you insane? [Gulps] We're sick of waiting for you to deliver Batman. Patience, O Bifurcated One. [Yells] Patience, hell! We want him dead! ... is it? It's Dr. Meridian. Chase. Do you remember me? Dr. Burton tells me... ...you know who Batman is. if you don't say, \"please.\" Edward, please. Who is Batman? I'm... ...Batman. [Cackles hysterically]", "BRUCE:": "What's on your mind? Precisely. What's on all our minds? Brain waves. [Giggles]  Tampering with people's brain waves... ...mind manipulation... ...it just raises too many questions. Sorry. [Zooming] Alfred. The surveillance cameras are down here. We'll dredge the river, but with that current, I doubt we'll find the body. [Soft instrumental music, background] Why? Oh, why? There's Stickley. [Stickley laughing] [Crash] Pretty cut and dry. Yes, definitely suicide. Thanks very much for your help, Bruce. sense. I want full benefits for his family. Suicide's not covered by our corporate insurance policy. I know. Full benefits. Gossip Gerty called 32 times. Who are you taking to the Charity Circus? I don't know. I didn't see anyone. on my face... \"...you won't find 13 anyplace.\" That's hideous. [Chase gasping and groaning] [Rattling] [Chase gasps] [Chase breathes heavily] [Stutters] ...you know, trouble. I prefer healthy expressions of violence as opposed to breaking in. Would you? I'm not so sure. I must get you out of those clothes. Excuse me? Tell me, Doctor, do you like the circus? [Trumpets blare and drums pound Page 18/54  But perhaps you'd like to eat first. Okay, I'm out of here. Excuse me? Telling that cop I'd stay here... ...saved me a lot of social-service interviews. The circus must be halfway to Metropolis. Spare me the sermons, all right?   Alfred's a good mechanic, but... ... these need a lot of work. If someone were to fix them up... ...they could keep one. ...have a nice trip. You'll land on your feet. Is the young master leaving? Pity. Page 23/54 when I'm awake now. Bruce, you're describing repressed memories. your work home, doesn't it? I can't be jealous of Batman. I want to be close, but you won't let me near. What are you protecting me from? Do you want to know who I am? I guess... ...we're all two people. and the one we keep in shadow. Rage... Page 32/54  Good. You must help me find him. You make the kill. But your pain doesn't die with Harvey, it grows. So you run into the night to find another face, and another... ... and another... If we're the same, help me. Train me, let me be your partner. No. I can't. Look, Bruce... ...I'm a part of this, whether you like it or not. [Lounge music plays, background] [Scattered conversations] carrier wave, beamed into the brain... ...could create such images. And you wish you thought of it. Young men with a mind for revenge need little encouragement. They need guidance. Go to her. Tell her how you feel. She wants Batman, not Bruce Wayne. Let her decide. [Soft instrumental music, background] [Chase gasps] ...Batman is no more. strangers I've never met. Faces I've never seen. ...and then you kill him... ...what next? [Dick sighs] Then you'd be alone, like me. Listen to me, I'm your friend. Trick or treat! [Giggling] All my life I have been... ...attracted to a certain kind of man. The wrong kind. Flashes. My parents' death. Your memories are trying to break through. Something I've never told anyone. ... the priest's words gave no comfort. Of course. There, on my father's desk... Page 43/54 Twick or tweet! [Bang] [Crash] Trick. [Whispers] Remember the plan? Seize and capture. of an everyday sort. \"You'll find us all in a tennis court.\" A-E-l-O-U. Vowels. Not entirely unclever, sir. But what do a clock, a match, chess pawns... ...and vowels have in common? and they arrived in this Of course, 13 is and 5 would be  Enigma. Mr. All except the prototype with the sonar modifications. But it's not tested. Tonight's a good night. [Metallic clanking] ", "ALFRED:": "All is ready. [Crackling] [Batman Forever theme song plays, background] [Batmobile engine roars] Commissioner? I'm Alfred. How're you doing, Al? Master Bruce? Just like my parents. It's happening again. A monster comes out of the night, a scream, two shots. I killed them. You said, Master Grayson? Broken wings mend in time. One day Robin will fly again. I promise. [Batmobile engine roars] [Batman Forever theme song plays, background] not back. \"To protect our king from the foe's attack.\" Chess pawns. Clock. Matches. All physical, man-made objects. What's the connection? that's why they call him The Riddler. [Rattling and grunting] Why is this the only locked door? What's back there? Master Wayne's dead wives. The silver closet. On your way.  He boosted the Jag? Not the Jaguar. The other car. The Bentley? The other car. [Rock music blares, background] [Tires squeal] [Hoots and hollers] [Crowd jeering and taunting] [Rock music continues]  I could be fired for this. Perhaps they'll have me back at Buckingham Palace. [Chaotic yelling and screaming, grunting and groaning] All right, boys! Phase Two! the consequences of the life you choose. Even Chase calls being Batman a curse. what the doctor ordered. She seems lovely and wise.   How are you, young man? You haven't called me that for a long time. Old habits die hard. Are you all right? Where's Chase? Master Dick has run away. The cave has been destroyed. [Loud, distorted sound effects] [Chase groans] Meaning?   despite what people say.", "College:": "Now... [Chase moans] ...black rubber. Try a fireman. Less to take off. I don't mind the work. Pity I can't see behind the mask.", "MARGARET:": "It's a riddle. \"Numbers on my face... 13.\" One through twelve. The answer is a clock. Who would send you a riddle? That, Maggie...", "My opinion:": "\"Wacko?\" Is that a technical term? Patient may suffer from obsession... ...with potential homicidal tendencies. Is that better for you? So, what you're saying is...", "RINGMASTER:": "... boys and girls of all ages... ... welcome to the greatest show on earth! ... Richard... ... the youngest Flying Grayson... [Applause] ... will perform the awe-inspiring... ... death drop... ... of a net! [Applause]", "GOSSIP GERTY:": "young woman you're with? What kind of doctor? the city's newest, most-eligible bachelor? Gotham must know! There's Bruce Wayne!  outselling Wayne Enterprises two to one. Are you yesterday's news, Bruce?", "CROWD:": "", "DAD GRAYSON:": " Be careful. Don't worry. [Grunting and groaning] [Dramatic instrumental music continues, background] [Screams from audience]", "MOM GRAYSON:": "[Cries of astonishment from audience] [Groaning] [Applause and cheering] [Dramatic instrumental music, background] [Grunting and groaning] [Rapid machine-gun blasts] Oh, my God. [Screaming] [Ticking] [Grunting and groaning]", "MAYOR:": "Want, Mr. Mayor?", "DICK:": " or your charity. [Motorcycle engine revs] Nice bike. Hang out at a lot of biker bars? You're almost on empty. Fill it up in the garage. Bruce?   This is a Vincent Black Knight. They only made a hundred. A hundred and one, actually. She's my favorite. You've got two. That one doesn't run. Thanks, I won't be staying long. [Melancholic instrumental melody plays, background] Is this a robin? My brother's wire broke once and I swung out and grabbed him. Just checking, young sir. Now! [Yelling] [Clanking] [Groaning] Let her go! [Crowd snickers and groans sarcastically] [Girl gasps and sobs] Who the hell are you? I'm Batman. [Hysterical laughter]  [Gasps] If you had told Two-Face who you were at the circus... ...they'd still be alive! If Bruce Wayne could've given his life for your family, he would have. [Dick gasps] is getting Two-Face. He took my whole life. When I was out there tonight... ... I'm the one who kills him. So, you're willing to take a life?   I saved your life. You owe me. You're going to get yourself killed. I'm your new partner. No! Whenever you go out at night, I'll be watching. Where Batman goes, I'll go. There's monsters out there. Batman has to protect the innocent. You must help me. I need a partner. Two-Face has got to pay. Please. Chase is coming for dinner. I'm going to tell her... ...everything.", "RIDDLER:": " Then, when he is at his weakest... [Shouts]... crush him! I see that... ...sparkle in your left eye. [Two-Face chuckles] [Whispers] I can help you get Batman. ...conservative. [Whistles] [Sings] And yet, so you! [Chuckles] Very few people are both a summer and a winter, but... ...but you pull it off nicely. [Gunshot] to punch a guy! It's dead simple, my boy. Ball up your fist, reach back... ...and assert yourself. That looks fun. Let me try. Ball up the fist, reach way back... two hundred and twenty. One hundred and... [Shouts] I lost count! [Giggles excitedly] ...where would I hide? [Whispers] Spank me. [Chaotic yelling, dramatic instrumental beat, background] Page 44/54 [Yells] Shut up! Now, that's impressive! [Ding] [Chase screams] [Fast-paced instrumental music, background]  It keeps me safe when I'm... ...jogging at night. Batman will come for me. Batman? [With British accent] Batman, you say? Coming for you? My favorite vitamin. Soon my little Box will be on countless TV's around the world... ...feeding me credit-card numbers... ...sexual fantasies... ...and little white lies. Into my head they'll go. For if knowledge is power... ...then a god... ...am... [Growls]... ever truly coexist? We'll find out today! But first, let's meet our contestants. ...number one... Dr. Chase Meridian! [Chase groans] She enjoys hiking, manicures... to be the love of Bruce's life. [Squeals and cackles] Page 51/54 ...likes Saturday-morning cartoons and dreams of one day being... ...bare-naked with a girl. Ha! [Riddler cackles] And below these contestants... Just one little touch... these two players are... ...gull feed on the rocks below. Ha! Not enough time to save them both. Oooh! Which one will it be, Batman? Or the Dark Knight's junior partner? [Simulated ticking] You're as blind as a bat! Exactly. [Click] [Swoosh] [Sugar screams] [Explosion] Too many questions. Too many questions. Poor Edward. I had to save them both. You see, I'm both Bruce Wayne and Batman.", "and tails:": "[People yelling and chattering excitedly] [Two-Face laughs hysterically] Here's a good one.", "THUG:": "[Yelling and fighting]", "MALE NEWSCASTER:": "Two-Face, this new criminal's pattern... ... of marking his crimes with puzzles has Gothamites calling him The Riddler. Apparently, you and Batman have a common enemy. That was with the morning mail.", "LOUDSPEAKER:": "Intruder alert. Intruder alert. [Dramatic instrumental music, background] Intruder alert! Intruder alert!", "GIRL:": "I could definitely get into this superhero gig. [Whistles] [Riotous yelling]", "CRAZY EDDIE:": "[Dramatic instrumental music, background] Bastard!", "SUGAR:": "How come you don't look so good in that suit? Shut up. You're here to work! How's my mole? Fine. Looking for something? I was just wondering how you turn it off. Clever. Thanks. My pleasure. [Scattered conversations]", "COMPUTER:": "Relax. [Computer speaks in a slow, Page 37/54", "M-R-E.": "How about... ...\"Mr.", "ROBIN:": "Who's your tailor? I took the liberty, sir. It's full of Looking for us? [Grunting and groaning] My father! My brother! And this is for me! [Short, panicked screams] [Dramatic instrumental music, background] [Loud, distorted sound effects]", "DR. BURTON:": "Thanks for responding to my request... ... for a consultation, Dr. Meridian. Edward Nygma... ...has been screaming for hours that he knows the true identity... ...of Batman."}, "beverly-hills-copII.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "Dazzling sunshine. 'Ihe heat is on. Steel and granite lean hard on blistered streets. mtor City's wide awake and wing hard - belching and farting s!mg at a leaden sky. at in the river, betwen Detroit and Canada, the akemmt park on Boblo Island is crcwdd with", "inland:": "A tkll", "I": "As the chase continues, both Cecil and Edward intoduce themselvds and begin to enjoy the ride, offering Axel helpful tips and un sdLirjted advice. I Finally, they lcse the van completely", "(re:~ector)~": "Hebored set his g& hair on fire. I Hector nods. Yeah, he'd do that. I Axel hands a", "(END CREDITS)": "9", "directly opposite:": "10", ". NANCY": "(standing up) #at are you -", "TRTSH": "mx3 minutes. Galvanized, Mask #2 races up Ge stzkrs to the mezzanine, Mask $3, still carrying the .44 auto rag, qhs a rxk of furs, *eeling it dam tfie hallway. Mask #2 mes down nxus of encased jk,", "TRISH": "", "TRIM": "Get your ass dm here, squirrel-bait. Francesco doesn't m. Trish' s", "WHISPERMG:": "", "He's WING:": "", "CVP m:": "17", "RWL": "No. You got it wrong. The brunette was on the clock. It was the who gave m the letter. ~t the back of the squad", "TAEGARP": "Crrrr? on, Billy. Leaving Raul at the desk, msewood and Taggart cross the squad ruan, disappearing", "(re: envelop)": "The gl~ is grade school staff. You can buy it in any nickel and din-e. Mask C3's envelope with the large", "TPGGRHP": "", "(re: Bogmil)": "He knm that, Billy. Fa- ms. He's still the sane Rosmccd, but changed scanehow - looser, mre prone tn take chances. Bogmil stares at the single sheet of paper. It", "BOGOMIL": "(to Trish) Trouble?", "ROSEWOOD": "Where are we going? Elroy studies his hand. It's got", "LUTZ": "Well, he's out here in Bevdy Kills. And I want to know what he's daing.", "TAGGART": "You picked his pocket?", "TAGART": "What's the nntter with you? Talking to him about your hunches. Are you crazy? mmD Hunches are a very hqmltant part of police work. Vastly underrated. I've had my eye on a shaky operation that could be", "CZPP 'ID:": "", "chest, stone-faced:": "", "CUT TO:": "", "D'ALESSIO": "You ain't going to leave us here?", "AXEL": "(to", "Rosewood's ass:": "", "(re: Hymie)": "a Federal Agent because you had a hunch. Are you nuts or what? -", ". LUTZ": "Shut up, Roseweed. Picking up a copy of the Alphabet letter, Lutz waves it under Bogomil's nose,", "LUT Z": "I'm the goddam Chief of Police. If there's some Federal task force here, I want to know about it.", "BOGOMI L": "", ":hct:": "G~+-\"-it. Harold, I --", "MORT": "He'd be a perfect character witness, if he'd do it. Lutz doesn't have any power over him like he does everybody else in the department.", "MORT (CONTINUED)": "If somebody doesn't appear as a witness for Bogomil, he's going to lose his pension, everything. Mort listens for a minute, then hangs up the phone, glancing at", "KORT": "Well, I don't know what to tell you guys. We've been working our asses off and all we got is a possible commitment from an old sergeant. who's half senile and two guys Lutz fired for incompetence. That's just not enough and we're running", "LOCKER ROOM": "Rows of battered lockers. In a mini-gym,", "STEINER": "Hey, Foley, only real cops can come in here.", "WILLARD": "Hey, Foley. Can I touch you? I never touched nothing that cost more than two hundred dollars before.", "LIMP WRIST": "(lisping) Hey, Man, you got to come down here and tell these people, I didn't steal your motherfucking car. You gave it to nie, sweetheart. You know you did. You promised me it was mine.", "JEFFREY": "Jesus, Axel, where you been? Todd's been gaing nuts tcyhg to find you.", "FAT COP": "Phone call for Axel Foley.", "PXEL": "Dm't mrry, Captain. As of one hour ago, I got the credit", "POLICEWOMAN": "Hello. (beat) Axel Foley? Yeah, he's here. Hang on a minute. She waves at Foley. Still on the wall phone, Axel says into the", "ZEFFREY": "Was that a call on your undercover thing? Is there anything I can do to help? (beat) Listen, Axel, if there is something about me that Beverley didn't like, I", "IT'S TRISH": "She looks like a Hefner wet-dream in open blouse and fawn suede skirt. She and Dent cross the lobby. Dent smiles at Axel. An affable, winning smile.", "DRIVER (MAY)": "Goodbye, Andrew.", "ON TELEVISION:": ". .. A", "explanation:": "", "D' ALESSIO": "Hey, Ace. Sorry I'm late but I ran into Lila here. (leering) She can suck a golf ball through twenty feet of garden hose. Axel can't get the newscaster's report out of his mind. From", "D'PLESSIO": "Listen, Ace. Don't you ever talk to me like that in front of a chick. Ever!", "D 'ALESSIO": "I'll take Lila home. You bring the money to this address in half an hour. Axel watches ~'Alessio waddle over to the bar and join Lila. Bogomil's shooting has hit him like Thores hammer. What's he gonna do? Pocketing D'Alessio's card, he heads for the door.", "dashes into:": "32", "BANDINI": "Show me what? Slowly, Axel lowers his hands, unbuttons his jacket and opens it. Inside, wrapped to his", "Bandini HOWLS:": "", "him into:": "33", "BAN DINI": "'There ain't no dog fad in these boxes. They're full of credit cards.", "SQUAD ROOM": "Busy as ever. In Detroit, crime is a twenty-hour proposition. Sitting at his desk, Jeffrey checks a wall clock. It's five minutes to nine. Getting up he strolls", "TODD": "(continuing) I'll find out goddamit. It ain't funny. Furious, He storms into his ofiics.", "m TO:": "", "RAT LADY": "I think I heard of those Broken Zippers.", "MANAGER": "I'm afraid I have no idea who- Axel shoves the manager aside, walking", "MTV?": "", "TAGSART": ", (turning) What are you doing here? I thought , you were undercover in Detroit.", "AXES": "Bogomil's shooting made the national news. How bad was he hit?", "DOCTOR": "No. He's out for a good week anyway. You guys might as well go. There's nothing you can do here, except burn holes in your stomach. Doctor fades. Glancing at the Uniforms guarding Bogornil's", "codes read:": "", "(re: casing)": "See, this is a ,308 rifle shell casina that's been cut to fit the .44. Whoever put this gun together knew what he was doing.", "TAGGART .": "Jesus Christ, Billy. We can't go over there. That place is loaded with celebrities. Lutz is a member. You want to get fired? Axel drops the shell casing in his pocket. Lutz appears. He's got Biddle with him. Spotting Axel with Rosewood and", "(re: Alex)": "Chief this is--", "'L <": "L 45", "(to: Rosewood": "and Taggart) I want you two to tail him. There's something fishy about him.", "roof:": "", "'L C": "\\", "- C": "k", "PRIVATE": "", "THE LOBBY": "It's posh. To the left of the main entrance, in a sunken lounge,", "GUARD": "Help you with something?", "FIELDING": "(suspiciously) With a .44 auto mag? Protect yourserlf from what? Fucking elephants? Can't help you, pal. Axel stares at Fielding. He gets his motor running.", "'\\.- C": "L 47", "DENT": "Get rid of this trash. - Thomopolis nods to the bodyguards. They manhandle Axel to the door. Not an easy task. Axel dings a few bds on the way out.", "CHIP KEELER": "", "ASSISTANT MANAGER": "Opening the door, Dent steps", "KEELER": "Keep 'em. And Jack don't mess this up. Ignoring him, May rolls up the window.", "MAY": "(pointing) hat's him. Willie", "WILLIE": "I still don't know what I gOtta drive.", "(re: banana)": "Hi, guys. Look what I found in your tail pipe.", "NO.": "", "(Re: Axel)": "Hanging around with Foley is screwing up your vocabulary.", "-ROSEWOOD": "What are you doing?", "WAITRESS": "What can I get you, gentlemen? She winks at Rosewood. His order is scribbled all over his face. Taggart", "MC": "And now, ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, your Wednesday Night surprise -- Wicked Wanda. \" -", "WICKED WANDA": "Surprise !", "CONTINUED:": "", "ONE.": "", "May SHOUTS:": "", "CRASH.": "", "ANDERSON": "(to Lutz) No prints in the car.", "interrupting :": "", "LUTZ.": "Never mind that Anderson. (to Axel) That's a Detroit badge; What are you doing in Beverly Hills?", "- LUTZ": "(continuing) I don't believe that guy. You stay on his ass. This is my goddam town. I want to know everything he does. everyone he talks to. (beat)", "BIG AL": "Door opens. Rosewood, Axel and Taggart walk in.", "EXPLAINING:": "", "ROSEWOOD (CONTINUED)": "And by the window, here, is Elaine. Bobby and little Max. The Bromeliads (beat) They actually like different kinds of music. The Begonias thrive on Beatles. But if you play Beethoven, they wither.", "AXEL ~..": "Big Al?", "walking into:": "", "THE BEDROOM": "ore plants. King size bed.", "(continuing:": "into phone) Jeffrey? It's Axel. (beat) Yeah, I know what time it is. Axel sits on the bed.", "PHOTO LAB": "Photographic equipment. Developing room. Chemicals. It's late. Place is deserted. Taggart and Axel watch Rosewood take a photograph of the finger print on the matchbook. Within minutes, the photo is developed. 66", "Z.'": "Dancing", "(re: switchblade)": "Where the hell did you get that?", "his VOICE:": "", "FRIEDMAN": "In Bevdy Hills? I tell you Hardld, that bastard is all over the placr. But as far as what he's daing is concerned, I can't help you. And there's no way you can get any ' information out of him. R1s all Federal you see. Anything else I can do for you?", "TODD'S OFFICE": "Friedman empties ashtrays. Moves paper. Trying to look like he's doing something official.", "UP -": "", "SO?": "", "COUNTING ROOM.": "Mendoza parks by the mnslucent wall. Double doors chse silently.", "Taggart ROARS:": "", "MENDOZA": "You better hurry up, man, or the Alphabet Bandit's gonna getcha. Bobiijr dumps the money on the table. His", "I BOBBY": "How's he gonna do that, Mendoza? . . (pairrting) He gonna come through three fucldng feet of concrete wall? Amused by his own wit, Morgan's ugly face puckers. ' 81", "LXEL": "(out of breath) - Well never make ik. We need to find some goddam wheels. == Script Fly.com ==", "(O.S.)": "Two minutes.", "I ~": "I 89", "COP": "92 Boy. Advise. We are in pursuit of a brown 1984 Ford van. No plates. Heading north on Cddwater mm Canon at approximately 80", "FEMALE VOICE": "(on radio) 104. 92 Boy. . ..", "HOLLERS:": "", "Cecil sides:": "% .-", "CECIL": "Listen, would you like to come to a party at our house tonight? i '", "EDWARD": "Nothing big. Just a small group. Come any ~,. . way you want.", "road to:": "108", "STANLEY BERKOWITZ": "", "ELRO Y": "", "(&UP)": "Not yet.", "GRAND BALLROOM": "Brightly lit. Along one wall, windows open onto the pdo field where", "ORCHESTRA.": "To the side, the gkls", "daughter:": "", "tones:": "", "GRAND MARSHAL": "ladies and GentlP.man I would like to present Miss Patti Jean Dent. Arm and arm with his daughter, Dent moves to the center of the cirdle. Patti Jean curtsies to", "LUTZ' OFFICE": "Rosewwd and Axel by the dmr. Rosewood's got a wwden match dangling at the corner of his mouth. Taggart's near the window. Biddle's on the much. Mayor Egan facing Lutz, behind his desk.", "(re: Rosewood": "and Taggart) These blood hounds on me. You're Mering with a Federal Investigation. Everywhere I go, these guys fonDw me. I'm standing on the corner and I cnnmnt them about it, and some little weirdo runs up"}, "BlackPanther.pdf": {"STEVE": "You got the map right, Jack? Jack glances at him. What\u2019s up, Jack? Jack\u2019s face (desperately) Jack...Jack!! He\u2019s Jack, I\u2019m sorry about Dom okay, but we gotta focus. We got a big problem here. (frantically) Where\u2019s Chase? Hey Chase. This isn\u2019t funny man. I don\u2019t think so, Jack. Jack looks Hey Jack, can we take a break. I\u2019m dyin\u2019 here. C\u2019mon man please, just 5 minutes. I\u2019m no good to you if you gotta carry me and the cargo too. Jack Thank, you Jack. Thank you, you\u2019re a Saint.", "JACK": "Not what, who. And I dunno, but they say it was like a guerilla army, they struck from the trees fast and hard. The few who managed to survive. Steve What was it? What did you see. Oh man. You idiot!! What if you hit-- Dom\u2019s body  Save it, you sissy! We stick to the plan. I know where the Chase! Chase!! They start Maybe he went off to lick his wounds. Steve Jesus Christ, j-just stay close to me, we have to make it to the Landing Zone in a half hour or else they take off with out us. Jack pulls something out of his pocket. We gotta get to that chopper. It ain\u2019t gonna wait for us while you take a powder. Fine, two minutes and no bitching the rest of the way. Yeah whatever, enjoy it while you can. Steve  You gotta be freakin\u2019 kidding me. The only way you\u2019re takin\u2019 this score from me is if you pry it from my cold dead hands.", "JACK (CONT'D)": "Finding the way is my problem, not yours. Just concentrate on staying alive. The stuff we stole is worth killin\u2019 for and dyin\u2019 for. This whole God damn place is protected... This way. I\u2019m gonna go take a leak. Holler if something happens.", "CHASE": "Jesus, Jack your stories got me spooked. I think I\u2019m seeing things. Jack looks at him in the rear view mirror, his face turning deadly serious.  Dom...DOM!!! Chase Oh my God, I didn\u2019t mean, oh my God. Steve I\u2019m sorry man!! I didn\u2019t mean to,", "STEVE (CONT'D)": "Look out!! Jack What\u2019re we gonna do? They\u2019re hunting us and we don\u2019t even have a freakin\u2019 map! Chase is waiting for an answer. Something", "DOM": "Holy shhhh-- Something", "T\u2019CHAKA": "I told them to hang back, I wanted to handle them myself, at least one last time. Now that you mention the Hatut Zeraze, I have news for you my son. Excellent, we will sit down and have a chat after I meet with the Council tomorrow, they have called for an emergency meeting in light of the recent attempted theft of Vibranium  from our Great Mound. Why Yes, I believe it is time you started taking an active role in my day to day duties. The throne will be yours someday. T\u2019Challa  nods his head in agreement. We have gathered today to discuss the ever growing threat of invasion that we are facing. It would appear someone or a group of people have traced the minor amounts of Vibranium , I have been selling to Do not mistake my actions for lack of heeding. I knew this day would come as well. But I just did not expect it so soon. We do not have a military force aside from the Hatut Zeraze, and I believe that And as I posited to you before, Brother. What if the power these men hold is too much for us to contend with? You make some interesting points S\u2019yan. I may have to begin thinking seriously about your idea. T\u2019Challa  raises his hand. All eyes are on him. (      (roars) I am beginning to think it was a mistake to invite you along brother. Please do behave during the assembly. I would not want my Hatut Zeraze to break up a fight between you and the diplomatic I am fine my son but if it would please you. You can make me a cup, as you make some to calm your nerves. Really, is that so. It looks as if your leg disagrees with you. T\u2019Challa  looks down at his leg shaking uncontrollably and puts his hands on it to stop it. T\u2019Challa  moves to get up but Erik gets up before him. Patience, S\u2019yan I am sure it is just something he feels he has to go through to establish himself as a man. What is it? Seriously? S\u2019yan nods. Everything will be fine, son. This was a good idea. The true test of a King is not how he handles himself and others if everything goes well. It\u2019s how he handles things when they don\u2019t. T\u2019Challa  nods. Erik brings out tea and serves it to T\u2019Challa , T\u2019Chaka and It is all right young man, but please be more careful. I am my son, I am. My death was only the precursor to what is to come. Wakanda is in danger, T\u2019Challa . The Black Panther alone is the only one who can save it. No, not as you are now. My time here is coming to an end. Ask your Uncle about the Rite of Ascension, he will explain. T\u2019Chaka collapses, T\u2019Challa  catches him. Tears of blood stream down T\u2019Chaka\u2019s  eyes.", "T\u2019CHAKA (CONT'D)": "I am Now let\u2019s go get me cleaned up. And if you don\u2019t mind, I am going use you as a cane. I think I overdid it with the helicopter. I understand your concern, I too have considered that as well. But whenever I look into my son\u2019s eyes, I see the eyes of a true warrior. But I am not asking for an accounting of the things you believe I have done wrong. What I am asking is for a solution to this problem we are facing. Well, it is good that you are facilitating his development. ", "DEEP.": "T\u2019Chaka", "FADE IN:": "   ", "CHOPPER PILOT": "I hope these guys are ready to go. I don\u2019t know, they were led by Jack Cooper, if anybody can get the job done, it\u2019s him.", "CO-PILOT": "I bet they ended up like the others. Oh yeah, look at your", "TAKU": "There is a private air field with a designated helicopter landing pad in this general area, it belongs to an Oil Tycoon named", "ZAWAVARI": "...If you had reinstated the Rite of Ascenion  like I had suggested so long ago, age would not be catching up to you like this. With the Power of the Black Panther you would\u2019ve set those thugs straight. Ah, yes I remember. Such a stubborn woman, her will was like iron. That They\u2019re right, I need to tend his wounds properly. T\u2019Challa  raises a weak hand, motioning S\u2019yan to come closer. S\u2019yan brings his ear to T\u2019challa\u2019s  mouth. There it is done, lift up his head S\u2019yan. S\u2019yan lifts T\u2019Challa\u2019s  head so the he can drink. Zawavari  tips the mortar to T\u2019Challa\u2019s  lips. They part slightly and he drinks. Some of it spills down the sides of his mouth. It needs time to take affect, meanwhile we need to get him to the hospital, now. Can one of you simpering idiots get his feet and bring him to the sonar glider? One of the Council members grabs T\u2019Challa\u2019s  feet and S\u2019yan My word. S\u2019yan, you need to see this. S\u2019yan comes to Zawavari\u2019s  side. Just wait one moment. Lightning strikes again, and now they all stare wide-eyed at the Great Tree in the distance. S\u2019yan speaks but is still staring at the distance. I\u2019ve been waiting so long to see this. The birth of a true Black Panther.", "S\u2019YAN": "T\u2019Challa  you are a greater man than you know. Your Father and I didn\u2019t always see eye to eye but one thing we had in common was our confidence in your ability to lead someday. No matter how it happened you were I could never blame you. Even I was convinced it was a good plan, and it still is. You should have seen your Father beam after the meeting was over, he was prouder than he had ever been of you. You stood up As always you are welcome T\u2019Challa . They part and T\u2019Challa  nods determinedly, wiping the tears from his eyes. Zawavari  didn\u2019t mention it to you did he? It-it is. This a very complicated matter. Perhaps you would like to discuss this in the morning. (Sighs) I guess it can\u2019t be helped. T\u2019Chaka I really hope you know what you are getting your son into. N\u2019Gabe was brutally maimed by the panthers, Azari in his grief disposed of the Rite of Ascension and the Black Panther has been a hereditary title ever since. Your Father wanted to reinstate it but I was afraid you would say that. You should take some time and prepare yourself. (Sighs) Okay, T\u2019Challa , tomorrow. For now let\u2019s get some rest, you\u2019ll need it. They walk away from the throne. You did better than most men, it is said that only the Black Panthers of our ancestry was able to climb Absolutely, Sire. T\u2019Challa  passes it to S\u2019yan and S\u2019yan takes it. T\u2019Challa  takes a deep breathe. Then, let us begin. T\u2019Challa  sits in front of the council lead by S\u2019yan. He is answering questions based on Wakandan  history. Do not worry, I am certain he is on his way. They continue to wait, another hour passes. They He says to finish it. Everyone looks around at each other bewildered. Zawavari  nods and opens his pack. He starts taking out things he needs to complete the ritual. Silence, go or stay. It makes no difference. We will finish this ritual and then get him to the Is that it? Check them again, there must have be someone we can question, some witness that had to have heard something. What am I looking for? Taku, Erik, and W\u2019kabi join them by the window. W\u2019kabi. Prep the Sonar Glider. T\u2019Challa , before we continue I feel I must show you something. Try not to be too upset. T\u2019Challa  nods, quizzically. They walk over to a room, that acts as the palace morgue. There is a slab with a body on it covered in a white sheet. I deeply apologize for the ruse T\u2019Challa . I\u2019ve been watching your father for a very long time, I know his movements better than anyone, right before he died he seemed a bit...off. I needed to investigate Especially you sire, I needed you to believe that it was your father, I couldn\u2019t risk you giving anything away in your grief. T\u2019Challa  sets him down, and goes to his father\u2019s slab. Yes, my Lord. We found trace amounts of a neurotoxin and a particular isotope in his bloodstream. The neurotoxin was enough to slow him, I think just in case he had your abilities. The isotope we found did not harm Whoever it was, it had to be someone close to him. T\u2019Challa  raises his head. Yes, I remember him. That is certainly possible. T\u2019Challa  walks over to one of the specialists at the computers. Hmm, dead end, so to speak. A person who hires dead men to do their dirty work. These people seem to be quite capable. My god, is that-- T\u2019Challa  clenches his jaw. Who would be so bold as to shot at your father from a moving helicopter? Our men can be there within the hour, we will turn over every stone to find these savages. But my King, we cannot have you running around America with no protection. Who will govern here? Fine but I am giving you one week before I call in the Hatut Zeraze, deal? T\u2019Challa  ponders this. Indeed they have, Sire. Right this way. They walk over to another part of the lab. To a Black Panther uniform encased in glass. Yes, Sire. Yes, Sire? Of course, Sire. T\u2019Challa  walks away.", "CUT TO:": "                           ", "LUKE": "As you know class, today is my last day. I\u2019m graduating in a few hours. The regular physics teacher Thank you Mr. Prince, and  thank you class. I appreciate the way you\u2019ve accepted me in your classroom. You\u2019ve all worked very hard this semester and have shown great improvement. So I thought Okay guys, this one is for the win. What is Newton\u2019s Third Law of Motion? 10 seconds. Time\u2019s up guys. The Blue Team (Impressed) I couldn\u2019t have said it better myself. Red Team wins! The Red Team and the rest of the class go wild with excitement. Seeing someone like Dwayne beat Latisha gives them all hope. It\u2019s been my pleasure Dwayne, you\u2019re smarter than you give yourself credit, never give up on yourself. T\u2019Challa  (Luke) extends his hand and Dwayne shakes it firmly. You\u2019re very welcome Latisha. Remember always keep your head up. She leaves, Mr. Prince walks up to T\u2019Challa  (Luke). Thank you, sir. That is an honor coming from you. Yes, sir.", "MR. PRINCE": "Let\u2019s all give Dr. Charles a round of applause, shall we. The class You are going to make one hell of an educator, Dr. Charles. Just do me a favor, and make sure you don\u2019t spoil the kids too much, you\u2019ll make Average Joe\u2019s like the rest of us teachers look bad. They smile and Mr. Prince extends his hand. T\u2019Challa  (Luke) shakes his hand.", "LUKE (CONT'D)": "You all remember what I promised at the beginning of the semester right. The winning team gets five of these. He 30 seconds guys. Her teammates started to get antsy. Alright Red team, for the win. What is Newton\u2019s Third Law of Motion? All eyes turn to Dwayne who raises his hand to answer immediately. T\u2019Challa  (Luke) motions to him for the answer. Alright, ladies and gentlemen. It has been a pleasure, and I hope you all keep up the good work. Now red team come up and get your prizes. T\u2019Challa  (Luke) stands by the door and hands the red team members their prize. I never want to see you with your head down. Dwayne may have won this time, but believe me you have what it takes to beat him next time. A small smile comes to her face.", "DWAYNE": "That phone is all mine, yo whoever\u2019s on my team better not slow me down. Watch me. Latisha rolls her eyes, and purses her lips. She is not impressed. For every action there is an equal yet opposite reaction! Thank you for everything Dr. Charles, I never even thought I could learn something like that.", "LATISHA": "Yeah right, before Dr. Charles came in you couldn\u2019t even spell physics, now you think you can beat me? Dwayne turns to her and smiles.  Thank you, Dr. Charles. He gives her a hug.", "MAN": "Are you so distracted that you would walk by your own cousin T\u2019Challa ? T\u2019Challa  whips around immediately, no one in the States knows his real name except for...", "T\u2019CHALLA": "Erik, what the hell are talking about, how did you get this number, only S\u2019yan had it. Monica? Monica are you alright? Erik, what have you done to her!? There will be no place to hide from my fury. You will pay for everything you have done, traitor. Erik. Erik!! T\u2019Challa  slams his fist down on the nearest panel in the Sonar Glider, it dents as if it was made of sheet metal.", "ERIK": "There\u2019s no way the Prince of Wakanda is taking the subway to his own graduation. Ohh, I\u2019m sorry Doctor Charles. I\u2019ll try to remember that next time. They both laugh. Yeah I guess you\u2019re right. I just can\u2019t wait to get back home and start working on things there, don\u2019t you? But...? (Floored) What!?! The whole point of this is to learn from the best and bring it back home to make Wakanda even better. You of all people should know that. That\u2019s not the point and you know it. You are the Prince of Wakanda, you know you\u2019re Father was going to begin grooming you to take his seat one day. Who will take his place with you gone? Don\u2019t even joke. My father, your Uncle would rather destroy all of Wakanda than see his mudblood adopted son on the throne. T\u2019Challa  looks down at his hands. (sighs) Don\u2019t worry about it T\u2019Challa , it\u2019s no big deal, I\u2019ve accepted it. So what are you going to do when we get home? Thank you my King. If that is all, I believe I will retire to the gym. He storms off. S\u2019yan turns to his brother and shrugs. Hello, cousin. Come to beg on my father\u2019s behalf? T\u2019Challa  takes off his shirt and begins to wrap his hands with tape. You call that trying? He barely acknowledged me when we arrived. He had to be coaxed by his own brother to ask me how graduation went. If that\u2019s trying I certainly don\u2019t need it. I\u2019ve been going this long without them, why should I worry about them now. He punches a hole in the bag, sand begins pouring out. He stares at it angrily. Fine, I\u2019ll play nice but, only if he calls me Erik from now on. (    (Smiles slyly) I\u2019m sure you\u2019ll try your best my Prince. They bow to each other and T\u2019Challa  leaves rubbing his lower back. Right away Father. Erik moves to the small kitchen area in the back of the glider. A toast. To new beginnings. The others raise their mugs as well, and they all take a sip. See what?", "ERIK (CONT'D)": "Come on Dr. Charles its not everyday you get to graduate with you Master\u2019s and your Doctorate on the same day. Erik motions in the air as if calling for a taxi. A limo pulls up beside them. Does this mean I should call you Dr. Professor Charles then. T\u2019Challa  hits him like a brother in the arm as he gets in. What\u2019s wrong T\u2019Challa . You are going home right?", "N\u2019JADAKA": "I told you father, my name is Erik now. Fine, father. As you wish, not that you care but I too received a Ph.D as well mine was in Engineering, I also recieved  a Master\u2019s Degree in Political Science. Erik and S\u2019yan fix each other with an icy stare.", "T\u2019CHALLA (CONT'D)": "All I ask, is that you try to be nicer to him. They begin to spar. Fine I\u2019ll talk to him but I make no promises. Who\u2019s there? Show yourself, now! Out of the mist T\u2019Chaka walks toward him. T\u2019Challa  is shocked to see him. Father, I thought you were-- Now what? The panther passes by again. I hope this is high enough. I just wish I could remember if Panther\u2019s climb trees or not. He turns to his left and he comes face to face with yet another panther. It snarls as well. Of course they climb trees. The first panther comes from around the tree and the second panther jumps down gracefully to the ground. T\u2019challa  backs out of the forest area and returns to valley clearing he is followed by even more panthers now as they stalk him slowly. Taku, see if you can sync the image of the helicopter passing by with the exact time my father was shot. And enhance on the canopy. Taku taps on the virtual keyboard and an image of the helicopter\u2019s canopy can be seen. It looks like the camera Taku, see if you can bring up the trajectory of the helicopter, I want to know where that thing landed. Taku resumes tapping on the keyboard and the computer starts calculating the trajectory of the helicopter. Uncle you will act as my regent while I am gone. I trust wholeheartedly that you will do well by Wakanda. This is the other lead but my people presume it is a dead end. His name is Alexander Thompson, he is supposed to be deceased but he Lead the way Special Agent. You have great taste in musicians. Mon--Monica why? He drops to the floor, passed out on what Monica gave him. Monica walks over to his prone body and takes the cup out of his hand. Would you mind pulling over here please? Monica pulls over. T\u2019Challa  gets out of the car. I\u2019ll be right back. T\u2019Challa  disappears from the side of the car. Monica gets out of the car to see where he went. Heh, I cannot get a signal. They turn back around and continue mingling. Suddenly the Kimiyo card pings on a box next to a pillar toward the ceiling. It zooms in and begins identifying the components of the bomb. It comes up with a remote detonator frequency as well. I found her. She\u2019s moving, circling the block. She also gave me this. She said this is all the evidence I would need. He plays it. It plays the conversation between Silver Sable and Klaw in his limo.", "FADE TO:": "      ", "UNKNOWN": "I was right, they are playing right into our hands. T\u2019Chaka will poke his head out of the shadows, and that is when we will take it off. Is everything coming together on your end?", "SILVER SABLE": "Or else a lot of people are going to die. Ready to make your debut, Sable? Monica goes to try and hit her, but Tech and Ryder hold her back. Sable waves a finger in front of her. Did they teach you to say that at Quantico ? Oh and if you think you\u2019re boyfriend is going to show up and save the day, we\u2019ve got an extra accessory for that. Silver pulls a broach out of her pocket, and pins it to Normally you\u2019re right. But I\u2019m making a special exception tonight. My client suggested that I take certain precautions against the Black Panther, and that\u2019s exactly what I\u2019m doing. And if it means Mind. Your. Manners. Black Panther balls his fists in anger. I\u2019ll give you one tidbit, Kitty Cat. The man who hired me to kill your father, was the man I was hired to kill tonight. Here\u2019s all the evidence you need. One more thing Kitty Cat. The Black Panther grabs the pen recorder. Sirens start to sound in the background. Fire trucks, ambulances and police are on their way. I never get caught. She presses a button her belt buckle and her van explodes. The Black Panther looks distracted by the blast. Silver Sable swings with the rest of her strength, giving him a haymaker to the temple.", "CHRISTINE": "We are here today with the latest and youngest whiz kid to rise through the ranks of weapons development. Physicist Dr. Ulysses Klaw whose specialty is Applied Sonics is looking to use his unique Fine, thank you. You are the youngest weapons developer is rise through the ranks and receive coveted government funding for your project. Your predecessors are Tony Stark, and Justin Hammer. Do you Be that as it may Dr. Klaw, these men did introduce one-manned and autonomous battle armor that revolutionized war as we know it. Impressive, but I\u2019ve heard that this sonic cannon would not be operable without a special component, is this true? Oh I understand completely, Dr. Klaw. But if I may, you contend that the Sonic Cannon is made by you entirely from parts within the United States, correct. Klaw shifts anxiously in his chair. Then why do I have it on good authority that men in your employ have been seen all over Africa questioning inhabitants about some resource called \u201c Vibranium \u201d? Klaw turns pale. He quickly gains his composure. Please tell me you were awake for that.", "KLAW": "Oh my God. Klaw dives under his desk just as T\u2019Challa  smashes cannonball style through his window. He flies in past Klaw\u2019s desk and slides across the floor in a crouching position. He gets up and turns toward Klaw\u2019s desk. Klaw gets out of his desk with has hand behind him. Bravo, boy bravo. You\u2019ve got a lot of moxie crashing in like you did, demanding things from me, like you\u2019re the King of America. Realize this though, here you are King of Nothing. And by now it\u2019s the same My-my men will be here in a few minutes. Do you think you can take them all on? Black Panther looks at the exits and concentrates his ears. We", "CONTINUOUS": "People are walking around, the usual New York hustle and bustle. Several news crews stand in front of the building reporting about the big news at the General Assembly.", "CHET HARKNESS": "This is Chet Harkness  reporting live in front of the United Nations building in New York where today for the first time ever the leader of the enigmatic African nation known as Wakanda will address the", "S\u2019YAN (CONT'D)": "Do not worry Sire, I will behave myself. T\u2019Challa , T\u2019challa , can you hear me? It is insulated and micro-woven with Vibranium . It will stop anything short of an The changes to the Sonar Glider have been made as well, it is now covered with Vibranium  shielding.", "YOUNG REPORTER": "I am so, incredibly sorry. Please forgive me your highness.", "FADE OUT.": " ", "DIRECTOR COLLINS": "Goddamnit ! It\u2019s been one week people and we are still nowhere with this. I want to know who is behind this and I want to know it last week! Ah, alleged Crime Boss. I hate to cut you off Monica but everything I\u2019m hearing right now is the epitome of circumstantial. Get me some hard evidence and I\u2019ll back you, hell I\u2019ll even call the national guard in to bag this What the hell is this, a circle jerk? What are all of you people staring at? The crowd parts and in the middle of the room lies Ulysses Klaw bound and gagged with the pen recorder taped to his forehead and a tag on it saying", "AGENT LYNNE": "I think it\u2019s her. Director Collins rubs his hand down his face meanwhile almost everyone in the room groans. A Sable Manfredi , also known as Silver Sable. The Daughter of Crime Boss-- Alleged Crime Boss, Silvio \u201cSilvermane \u201d Manfredi , She was his right hand, one sick bitch trained by the best in hand to hand combat, bladed and ballistics weaponry. When her father was running the (annoyed) If that\u2019s true, then why was the guy who allegedly ordered the hit, eviscerated. I was at that crime scene, it was way to personal to be a garden variety hit. I suspect she Listen kid, I appreciate your enthusiasm I really do. But hear this, because I\u2019ll only say it once. Good, now go crawl up someone else\u2019s ass before you piss my carpet. He leaves but not before almost crashing into the door on the way out. I\u2019m Special Agent Lynne with the Charmed, look I hate to interrupt-- Yeah, I am. No thank you Mr. Walters. Sam has a seat.", "ROOKIE AGENT": "Who are we talking about here? The other agents groan as if to say \u201cnot again\u201d. I just wanted to let you know that I think you brought up some good points, back there and if you need any help I\u2019d be honored to back you up on this. Y-yes ma\u2019am.", "- CONTINUOUS": "T\u2019Chaka\u2019s  body sits on a wooden pyre wrapped in cloth. All of the citzens of Wakanda surrounds the funeral pyre. T\u2019Challa  the newly crowned King of Wakanda  in front of the pyre and gives his Eulogy, with tears in his eyes and a hitch in his voice. S\u2019yan, Erik, and the Hatut Zeraze stand around the pyre", "EXPLAINS.": "A", "S\u2019YAN (V.O.)": "He climbed Mount Kanda, to the Land of the Heart-Shaped Herb the very thing that would give him the enhanced abilities of the Black Panther. But the land of the heart shaped herb is also known as the Next you will face four of Wakanda\u2019s  deadliest warriors. They all Lastly, the most arduous task of all. You must climb Mount Kanda without food or drink and search in the valley of the panthers for the sacred Heart Shaped Herb.", "SYAN (V.O.)": "N\u2019Gabe battered and bloodied was at the final test. N\u2019Gabe stands at the foot of Mount Kanda. He looks up at the impressive mountain.", "COUNCIL MEMBER": "It has been two entire days already S\u2019yan.", "W\u2019KABI": "Yes sir? Yes sir. W\u2019kabi and Taku both leave. Need a lift!", "BACK TO:": "", "SAMUEL WALTERS": "Well if that don\u2019t beat all. Two You can call me Sam, ma\u2019am. I told your friend here the same thing but he insists on calling me Mr. Walters, I guess some people are wound just a little too tight, huh? Sam laughs, and Monica joins him until she sees the look on Oh yeah, see what\u2019d I tell ya, right down to business. I like that though, not much of one for small talk myself. Now as I was saying, a few weeks ago some strange feller comes up to my house and asks me if I sure can, like I told ya he was a strange fella so I remember exactly what he looks like. Suddenly a red dot appears on Sam\u2019s body. It slowly crawls up to his head. T\u2019Challa  pounces on him and brings him down to the floor. Holy shit! Just scared outta my wits, is all. Think they\u2019re still out there? Yeah...about that there description, Say I do tell ya\u2019ll what he looked like, then what protective custody till you catch these sons a\u2019 bitches, and then if you can\u2019t catch these sons a\u2019 bitches what then? Witness protection, meanwhile L-listen I\u2019m real sorry I can\u2019t help you find out who killed that King, but I got my own life to think about, ya know?", "MONICA": "So what now? Ulysses Klaw? Hmph... She thinks on that for a bit. Nothing, it\u2019s just that. I think he recognized me as Sable with my back turned to him. He spun me around and was about to start screaming at me until he got a good look at me. Luckily your timing was perfect, I What the hell is her angle? She\u2019s never flipped on a client before, but then again she\u2019s never gotten So it looks like we need to talk to Klaw. T\u2019Challa  looks at her perplexed. Oh, spare the macho pride I know who he was! And I\u2019m sorry, Silver Sable killed my partner too, so I understand you wanting to do this on your own, but we don\u2019t know what Klaw is capable of, and I don\u2019t know what you\u2019re capable T\u2019Challa  that came out wrong, Who wouldn\u2019t-- He wheels around to her. What are you doing? Why, we\u2019re taking my car...aren\u2019t we. (To herself) Great going, Monica. The guy is gone and your car doesn\u2019t work. What\u2019re gonna do for your next trick?", "MONICA (CONT'D)": "Now that\u2019s what I\u2019m talking about, the direct approach. Freeze Asshole! She gets up and draws her gun. T\u2019Challa  walks into the living room with the sniper rifle. And just who the hell are you? I\u2019ve never seen you before, you do know that impersonating an authority figure of any kind is a criminal offense right? T\u2019Challa  looks down at her hand on his arm and cuts his eyes Shit, listen you can\u2019t be here. You have to go home immediately. Do you even know what kind of hell I can catch for just talking to you. And If God forbid something happens to you too-- You\u2019ll never be with one, with a mouth like that. The rest of the bar wakes up out of it\u2019s lethargy. Monica turns to the door and sees that it\u2019s blocked by two burly men. The rest of the men start to surround her. Oh, crap. A bottle flies at her. A hand grabs it before it makes impact. The Black Panther flings it in the direction it comes from Is that how you found me? Oh no, you\u2019re not suggesting I dress like one of those attention-seeking, low self esteem having, date rape victims, are you? I\u2019ll take your lewd stare as a yes. T\u2019Challa  clears his throat. What the hell do you think you\u2019re doing, this was my favorite blouse. I wanna get out of here, don\u2019t you? Alex nods emphatically. Where\u2019s your boss? Where\u2019s Silver Sable? Everyone move to the exits, there is a bomb in the building! I repeat there is a bomb in the building! Everyone looks around panicked. They start stampeding for the exit doors. T\u2019Challa , get off your ass! The Black Panther lifts his head up and sees Monica kneeling beside him. C\u2019mon T\u2019Challa , we have to get the hell out of here now! The Black Panther starts to get up and Monica helps him to his feet. She puts his arm around her shoulder and they begin to walk away. Silver Sable is nowhere to be found. The Black Panther looks Everyone got out safely, thanks to you, although that ballroom is going to need a lot of work. Don\u2019t look at me like that. I\u2019m seeing this through til the end. Besides if we present him with this, there is no way he\u2019ll be able to squirm his way out of it. He might even be willing to lead us", "MONICA (V.O.)": "James and I were best friends. We weathered College and Quantico together. We we on our first mission since graduating. It was a baby-sitting assignment, we were", "JAMES GRAY": "Sheik Al- Fayed. It\u2019s a pleasure to meet you sir. The Sheik shakes hands with James and he shakes hands with Monica. (Whispering) For as long as the brass tells us to. (Whispering) If you actually think they\u2019re gonna give two rookie agents fresh out of Quantico  a worthwhile assignment you\u2019re dreamin\u2019 Mon-- Suddenly we", "SHEIK AL-FAYED": "The pleasure is all mine. I assure you. He eyes Monica up and down as she shakes his hand. After James and Monica turn to walk the Sheik to his room, he pats Monica on the butt. Before he can remove his hand, Monica grabs it with (Dazed) Yes...yes my apologies. It uh, it won\u2019t happen again.", "BARTENDER": "What do you want with him, he owe you child support or somethin \u2019? Sorry but if I squealed on every mook who came in here I wouldn\u2019t have a business, you know what I mean? Max, I\u2019m sure she don\u2019t want any-- Look ma\u2019am, I ain\u2019t seen Alex since-- It, it\u2019s right over there in the crate with the lost and f--found. Please don\u2019t hurt me man. Black Panther looks over at Monica, she shakes her head telling him he didn\u2019t do anything. Black Panther lets him go.", "MAX": "Does anyone else smell bacon in here? Monica and Max glare at each other. Shut your mouth Jim, bacon doesn\u2019t even get that much around here-- He gets up, he towers over Monica he gets closer to her. Just you and me now darlin\u2019. (chokes out) Crazy bitch, I\u2019ll kill you! Oh man, don\u2019t kill me man. Please don\u2019t kill me. He--he came in last week. He paid me the money he owed me. Said he was in the big leagues now. He, he didn\u2019t say. He only said he was in town for a couple weeks that was it. W-what? No man, wait, wait. He left his hat at the bar by accident when I saw him. Jim still has it, I think.", "MAX (CONT'D)": "Not without giving up something in return. Whaddya say sweetheart, I\u2019ve ain\u2019t never been with a black girl before. She closes the distance between them.", "BLACK PANTHER": "Monica! Another guy attacks but he takes him down with ease. Are you alright Monica, I heard a scream. Did he hurt you Monica? You will do nothing of the sort! He claws into the brick next to Max\u2019s head and sparks fly. Max breaks down. Do you have anything of his? An article of clothing, a handkerchief anything he had on him at the time you met. For your sake he\u2019d better still have it. He knocks him out and throws him into some garbage bags. Where is Alex Thompson\u2019s hat? You have run out of room, Alex. It is time we talked. Alex backs up to the edge. Who and what are you talking about? Get down!! But it\u2019s too late a bullet enters Alex\u2019s heart. His knees buckle and he drops to the ground. The Panther looks around to see if the shooter is close by. He sees a glint from the scope of a sniper rifle. The sniper takes a shot at him. But the bullet slows down Monica, don\u2019t do anything rash. Wait for me, I\u2019m almost there! We Monica? Soundlessly he hops on top of the van, silently digging his claws into the roof. Monica!! The ballroom floor of the hotel explodes in a fireball. Black Panther looks on, his eyes flood. He turns around angrier than ever before. Tech swings at him with the tire iron again. He dodges like Tech is moving through water. Liar! Tell me the truth! She smiles, blood streaks her teeth. She pulls something from her pocket. It\u2019s a pen recorder, she hands it up to him. What is it? That\u2019s exactly what you deserve. You had my father murdered, I am bringing you in. But first tell me who the traitor is and I may not hurt you. Klaw begins to laugh hysterically. You\u2019re lucky that\u2019s all you\u2019ve lost. Now tell me who the traitor is! Klaw begins laughing despite the pain. The Black Panther slams Klaw against the wall and raises his clawed hand.", "BOUNCER": "That\u2019s it people, club\u2019s full. Everyone groans and tries to argue, but the bouncer growls a little and everyone shuts up. Monica looks behind her and gives Alex a sultry look. She taps on the Bouncers shoulder. He turns to her and bends down.", "ALEX": "Hey, I really want thank you. I\u2019ve been dying to get back in this club since I got back. I just got back from Afghanistan, I\u2019m enjoying myself before I get shipped back out. Stay away from me, man. I\u2019m not tellin\u2019 you shit. She\u2019ll kill me if I talk. She already knows I\u2019m here. She\u2019s tracking me, s-she already knows I\u2019m here, it\u2019s already to la-- Suddenly T\u2019Challa  snaps to his right. We", "MONICA\u2019S POV:": "She\u2019s in and out of consciousness, we can hear things in snippets of conversation, and see things in blurry vision. Silver steps over her like she did two years ago after she killed her partner. Monica is strapped to a chair. His hands are handcuffed behind him. Monica\u2019s eyes open slowly. There\u2019s a very bright light and it\u2019s difficult for her to see. We", "MERCENARY": "I\u2019m sorry boss, I had--", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "SFX: CRASH": "He dives feet first into passenger side window, twisting to miss Silver Sable. He kicks with all of his might, Ryder who flies out of the Driver side door onto the street. Before he\u2019s done he grabs Sable\u2019s hand the one with the detonator to make sure she doesn\u2019t drop it. He comes down in a crouch position his feet on the seat of", "EXT. STREET": "The door is taken off it\u2019s hinges. The door, Sable and Black Panther all land on the street hard. Sparks fly as the door slides down the street with them on it. Meanwhile the driverless van crashes into the car in front of it with tech inside of it.", "KLAW (CONT'D)": "You could\u2019ve killed me you crazy-- Hmmm, vibranium  micro-weave, impressive. But I bet you can\u2019t take another blast like that. Klaw comes around his desk and takes aim at T\u2019Challa  again. Before he can shoot, T\u2019Challa  pounces to the side. Klaw shoots and makes a hole in the floor and part of the Stay still! The Panther gets on the offensive this time, and runs with panther-like speed to Klaw, he flips over Klaw and rakes his anti-metal claws against the sonic cannon. Klaw is so distracted with T\u2019Challa\u2019s  flip that he doesn\u2019t even notice the sparking circuits as T\u2019Challa  lands. My hand! You destroyed my hand! The Black Panther walks over to him and sees that his hand up to his wrist is nothing but a charred smoldering mass of flesh and twisted metal. The Panther lifts him up against a wall.", "ERIK (O.S.)": "I\u2019m afraid S\u2019yan can\u2019t come to the phone right now, but there is someone who\u2019s dying to talk to you. Mm, mm, mm. I gotta hand it to you, cuz, you sure do know how to pick \u2018em. This ones very strong. Oh, I\u2019m just taking you\u2019re sweetheart here on a little vacation. You know showing her you\u2019re --well my home now. Don\u2019t worry T\u2019Challa  I\u2019ll take good care of her. (chuckles) I won\u2019t be hiding T\u2019Challa . You know exactly where I will be. Oh and I think you\u2019ll love what I\u2019ve done with the place. Erik hangs up.", "MONICA (O.S.)": "(Under duress) T\u2019Challa ! Don\u2019t go back home, it\u2019s a tr-- She\u2019s cut off and her voice is muffled, it sounds like she\u2019s trying to talk through a gag."}, "Blazing-Saddles (1).pdf": {"\"BLACK BART\"": "An Original Screenplay by Mel Brooks Richard Pryor Andrew Bergman Norman Steinberg ", "FADE IN:": "    ", "CREDITS BEGIN:": "Over credits we", "CREDITS END:": "", "LYLE": "the assistant foreman, walks into frame. He is obviously dissatisfied. He is flanked by two cruel overseers. He takes out a pocket watch, glances at it and puts it back.  The pie is dripping off his face. His tongue catches a drip.", "LYLE:": "C'mon boys. The way you're lolly- gagging around here with them shovels you'd think it was 120 degrees, Couldn't be more than 114. Ha, ha, ha. A Chinese man falls over from the heat. (continuing) Dock that chink a day's pay for napping on the job. Now c'mon boys, where's your spirit? When you were slaves you sang like birds. How about a good old nigger work song. Hold it! Hold it! What the hell is that shit! I meant a song. Something like \"Swing Low Sweet Chariot\". A song! Don't know that one, huh? Well, how about \"De Camptown Ladies\". Every darkie worth his soul knows \"De Camptown Ladies\". Bart turns to his co-workers in mock confusion. Sorry, Mr. Taggart...got caught up. Okay, I'll send down a team of horses to test the ground. You and you. Lyle points to Bart and (exploding) Get on that handcar and take it down to the end of the line. Bart and Charlie walking to the handecar. I don't know. I'll try. Lyle does fancy rope act - jumps through loop and other elaborate rope tricks. aT Wanna see the Hang Dog Tail? (does not notice; continues writing) 'Wire main office and tell them I said What is this, anyhow...your flat or your e-namel? Go on smooth, does it? Then it should cover you in ome coat, shouldn't it. Lyle pours contents of bucket over unfortunate house painter, and rides off laughing. Mr. Taggart, Mr. Taggart, sir... I believe I have a ee-nuque idea. That's probably what I mean. What's what? Oh. Why don't we give him to Mongo. Mongo'd sure see to his ass. (timidly) Excuse me, Mr. Taggart, sir. Hate to see you like this. What if me and the boys shot the nigger dead. Would that pep you up? Okay boys. On the count of three. Don't pay no mind to that alky. He can't even hold a gun, let alone shoot \u2018it. On the count of three. One..two... three. There is fusillade of gun fire. Gum. Lamarr rises to his feet trembling with rage. (looking at pies) Is that lemon meringue? No, that'd be your custard. Another pie flies into his face from Now, that there's lemon meringue. He faints.", "BART:": "(segues into up-tempo, Sinatra-style rendition \"De Camptown Ladies\". \"De Camptown Ladies\". His co-workers go along with the put-on. Co-workers ad lib. (exploding) exploding But, sir, he specifically asked for two niggras. To tell a family secret, my grandmother was Dutch. Are you familiar with Holland? Well, you know where Antwerp cuts off Rotterdam? Well, right there we ran this little after hours Well, Grandfather said she was always hanging around with a lot of dykes. They crack up and slap each other off. They hop on the handcar and start pumping their way down the track. Hey Charlie, let me ask you something. Now don't be too hasty with your answer. Put some thought to it. What is it that's not exactly water and it ain't exactly earth and when it sucks you under it squeezes the last shred of breath out They're in trouble. (softer) Help. Help. Two human beings dying. P 7 Handcar! Hey you stupid sonova- bitch, what about us? Taggart walks over to edge of quicksand where Bart is straining to reach an overhanging branch, Taggart places his boot heel on Bart's forehead. I have to! Bart starts walking toward Taggart and Lyle. (to guard) Perhaps we better wait. After all they were here before me. No, thank you. Do you have any- thing in the way of a reprieve? : Wait, wait, Last words, last words. If you don't mind, I'd like a brief chat with my maker before I meet him in person. Let us bow our heads in prayer. Oh Lord, I don't know why I'm being hung but it really doesn't matter. He slowly slips noose from around his neck. (continuing) Because sooner or later all who walk upright must take the long nap. He surreptitiously edges his way down the steps and quietly makes his way through the courtyard. No one sees him because all heads are bowed in prayer. - (continuing) Yea verily, the leaves that are green in the spring must soonith or \u2018later turnith brownith in the fallith. It is with love, not hatred, that I make my way toward By the power vested in me... (continuing) : ...by the Honorable William (continuing; quickening pace of his speech) ...1 hereby assume the duties of (softly; to himself) It might work. Bart whips out his gun and presses it to his own neck. (continuing) Hold it, Next man makes a move, the nigger gets it. (in a different voice as a cringing, whining plantation darkie) (continuing) You bet your ass I'll do it. Now throw your guns down. Gentle like, no tricks. (other voice) Please, please don't shoot. Throw down your guns. He means it. He means it, (to Van) | Drop it or I swear I'll blow this nigger's head all over the street. (other voice) Oh, Lordie, Lordie, he's desperate. Do what he says, Easy now, just a few feet more. Bart suddenly makes a run for it but quickly stops him- self with a shot just past his head. The town gasps. That was just a warning. The next time he tries it he gets it right between the eyes. Made it. You are so talented. He throws his arms around himself in a big hug. (continuing) I love you. (other voice) Not here. There. That's better. Bart puts paint down on desk and picks up a sheaf of \"Wanted\" posters. He walks over to the bulletin board and begins tacking them up. The first three are of mean looking white outlaws. The fourth handbill is of a black man. Bart studies it, crumples it up and throws it in the  The drunk in #2 must be up. He walks over to the row of cells. Stops at #2, Now, that's what you call hung over. (to priscmer) Are we awake? Yes, We are. Need any help? Maybe you'd better have something to eat. Hey, if a man drinks like that and he don't eat, he's gonna die. What's your name? Okay, Jim. Since you're my guest and I'm your host what do you like to do? What are your pleasures? You mean they just rode in here, busted up the town, killed the sheriff...for no reason? Got to be a reason. (makes chess move) Oh dear, you're right. I've just put my queen in jeopardy. No, I did it and I'll have to take the consequences. I'm not a baby. (he grabs his nose and begins sucking his thumb) (making move with flourish) Checlkmate. (spelling it out) Forgive me. I know this is petty but I've got to do it. (he leaps to his feet and does a little dance of victory) Yeah, I'm seriously considering writing you up for the Reader's Digest as the most unforgettable drunk I have ever knowu. (jumping to his feet) Yeah, and they used to call me The Ritz Brothers. The Waco Kid. Man, he had the fastest hands in the West. If you're the Kid, show me something. I knew you were no Waco Kid. You were just pullin' my lariat. Man, that's no contest. You're a mile away. Well, raise my rent. You are the Kid. Have a drink. Jim takes bottle, laughs, takes a slug. Well, back in '56 my folks and I were part of this long wagon train moving west, Bart imitates a harp in traditional movie flashback manner. Doong, Doong, Doong, Doong. (v.o.) Well, not exactly part of it. Several hundred yards to the rear of the main body of \u2018covered wagons, eating dust all the way, (v.0.) You might say we were bringing up the rear, when suddenly, from out of the West, came the entire Sioux nation. And let me tell you, they were open for business. ' (v.0.) Naturally, they didn't let us travel in their circle. So, we made our own. (v.o0.) You might say they were a little confused by the color of our skin. Then, in rode the big chief. And the rest is history. (he looks up) Impressed? We (shakes his head) Yeah, I like to keep my audience riveted. Bart goes over to Jim, throws him over his back, goes over to the cell and dumps him on his cot and throws blanket over him. Bart then goes to a make-shift cot near desk, No thanks, got my own. Bart takes out his own little sack, reaches into it with two fingers and spreads some of his private stock across the cigarette papers. (sealing his cigarette) What's that? (in a strained, high, breathy voice) Once I establish myself in this here place, that might turn out to be an important position. That was yesterday. This is a brand new beautiful day. You don't understand human nature. (tipping his hat) Mornin', Ma'am. And isn't it a lovely morning. Three against one, come on, that's no way to fight. The kids scatter, leaving their victim sprawled in dust. Bart bends over and notices a toy tin star pinned on the boy*s shirt. Step up ladies, gentlemen and Mongos. Dive for buried treasure. This is the exact spot where the Spanish Armada was sunk by the British Navy leaving millions in Spanish Doubloons on the bottom of the sea, From this wonderful antique pump. Bart spins the wheel a couple of times. Dust flies off. Good hunting. Hurry, hurry, hurry, The last time this remarkable photo surprise will be offered in this territory before the new cannon laws go into effect. From o.s., Twenty five cents. Only one tenth of a dollar. Mongo searches fruitlessly for money. (continuing) Don't worry about the tariff, Pal, catch you later. Now remember. ..when the cannon roars...smile, \u2018Mongo nods his head and disappears into barrel,  Ready? From inside first cannon we He was nothing. The bitch was in- venting the Candygram. They'll never give me credit for it. There is a Thank you ma'am. Much obliged. Good night. Bart closes window. As soon as the window is closed, there is a Of course. Thank you. Much obliged. Good night. Closes window. There is another Got 'cha. Bart closes window. There is another Much obliged. Good night. Bart closes window. There is more Solid. Bart closes window. (continuing; to Jim) I'm rapidly becoming a big underground success in this town. The lady slipped me a note. (reading) I must see you alone in woom wight after the sh Leopold, Bart hands his hat it to his wooden a Wanks. Bart sits, Well, we've definitely eliminated the glare. There is a quiet Excuse me, you're sucking my arm. No thanks, baby, 15's my limit on schnitzengruber. Hey, baby, please...l'm not from Havana. (he gets up) Besides I'm late. I've got some heavy chores to do. Depends on how much vitamin E I can get my hands on. boot. Bart starts toward the door dragging Lili across the room. Please, you're making a German spectacle of yourself. I'm not sure, but I think I invented pornography. Bart walks toward desk. (taking the writ and studying it) Hedley Lamarr. Why would a dude like Hedley Lamarr care about Mongo? Well, it's legal. Bart takes a bucket of water and walks to where Mongo is Okay Mongo. You're free. You can go... please. Hey man, get outta here. You're free. (puzzled) What does Hedley Lamarr care about where the choo-choo go? Choo-choo. This might be a good time to mosey out to where they're building the railroad and maybe do a little snooping. That's what it say on the star. C'mon. Bart and Jim start out the door. The stage from Yuma will be in at And they was right. Bart and Charlie embrace each other gleefully. Back off scamp. You're addressing the duly appointed sheriff of Rock Ridge. That's Jim. He's my friend...he's cool, Charlie walks over to Jim and slaps him off. Suddenly a mob of railroad workers whooping and yelling for joy descend on our group. Workers ad lib. : Watch that \"boy\" shit, red neck. You're talking to the sheriff of Rock Ridge. What's happening here? Where is everybody going? Can't you see that this is the last act of a desperate man? Wait a minute. Give me 24 hours to come up with a brilliant plan that will save Rock Ridge... Just 24 hours. That's all I ask... You'd do it for Randolph Scott. We gotta get closer. Oh lordie, lordie. Please don't hurt me. I'm just an old planta- tion darkie who wants to chop cotton and marry intc a well-to-do white family. (to Jim) Man that was pretty. I enjoyed that. (in a dreary voice) I had to. They reach the line. They are standing behind a gold toothed Mexican bandit who is signing up. Stampeding cattle. Through the Vatican? . And now for my next impression... Jesse Owens. They flee. Your wash is drowning. Bart punches Cutthroat unconscious. (to Jim) Floor it baby. We've been spotted. Jim urges the horse to greater effort. What are you doing? (whispering) Charlie, it's me, it's me.,.Bart. Just say hello. - Bart takes his hand off Charlie's mouth. Now just listem and listen good. I want you to get the brothers to- gether and round up all the lumber, canvas, nails and paint you can lay your hands on and meet me three miles due East of Rock Ridge tonight at (continuing) Now just say goodbye. He takes hand off Charlie's mouth for a second. Get some grease on that wheel, Howard. You can hear it squeaking twenty miles away. Trust ne. Bart rides off. Okay. Stop. Rein up. We're here. down. (hopping up on back of wagon addressing townspeople) Now I know you're all confused. Wonder- ing what you're doing out in the middle of the prairie in the middle of the night. No deal. Olson Johnson turns to crowd. They mumble. He turns back to Bart. Thank you, (to all) Okay, folks, let's roll up our sleeves and go to work. Stirring (v.0.) Hold it, Hold the happiness, we're in trouble. We forgot one little thing. A cute observation. Listen. We made a perfect copy of Rock Ridge. Now all we've got to do is make perfect copies of curselves. Right. We've got to work fast. You men start working on the dummies and you men come with me. I've got an idea that will slow 'em down to a crawl. Okay put it here. (Looking off) Hurry up, they'll be here any minute. They ride off taking the team of horses with them.  Okay, folks, let's get those dummies in place. Townspeople pick up dummies and start carrying them down the street. (continuing; to Jim) All right, Jim, let's start laying that dynamite. It's a stagecoach. . Here we go. Hold your ears, folks. It's showtime. : Bart pushes down on the plunger. Nothing happens. Every- one is still holding their ears. Slowly they take their fingers out of their ears. They are bitterly disappointed. The wire's broken. Jim, baby, you think you could squeeze off a shot from here and get off the dynamite? What do you say, Jim? All right, let's finish them off. Townspeople rush headlong down the ridge, letting loose war-whoops as they attack. Great! Bart is punched in stomach. (hollow voice) Make that fair. Bart grabs man who hits him and punches him out. cut (to Jim) Hey, Jim, baby, do you realize we fought our way all the way up to 1938? Okay, Lamarr. This is it. Go for your guns, He died like he lived...sideways. Jim looks at him quizzically. (to Jim) I don't know...it's the first thing that came into my head. Come on. Let's check out the end of the flick, They walk into theatre. (drawing a deep breath and fixing an eye on a stray cloud) My work here is done. I'm needed elsewhere now. (continuing) I'm needed wherever outlaws rule the West, whereyer immocent women and children are afraid to walk on the streets, wherever a man cammot live in simple dignity and wherever a people All right, ya caught me, To speak the plain truth, it's getting pretty damm dull around here. Townspeople ad lib, (staring at her heavy bosom) Don't worry, my dear. I pledge myself to your bosom. Keep the faith, niggers. He spurs his horse and moves out. As Bart passes the last building in town and turns the corner, he spots Jim quietly waiting. No where special. (smiling) Come on. They ride off together.", "CUT TO:": "       13. 14. 15. 16. 17.      26.                 40. 41.. 42, 44,      47. 48.    61. 64.            85. 87. 88.  90.      99. 100. 101. 102. 103.  104.   A         139. 142, 143.     151.  155.  159. 160. 161, 164. 165. 166.  Howard Johnson sits on the lead wagon. Bart gets off his horse and Olson hands him a poster. It 171.  172. 173.  174, A        184, 185. 186. 187. 189. 190. i91. 192. 194. 195.    20h. 201, 202. 203. 206. 207. A 208. 209, 210, 211,  215. 217, 219.   224, 227. 228,   235. 236. 237, 238.  242, 243.            257.  258.              274,", "BART": "and his co-workers. They pretend to be puzzled. He tips his hat in acknowledgement. Bart rides to center of town and gets off his horse. Nobody moves. Their eyes follow him as he starts climbing stairs of speaker's platform. He walks up slow and steady. He whips out rolled up proclamation from inside his gun belt. Collective gasp of relief issues from the crowd. Bart unrolls proclamation and begins reading.  He raises his eyebrows, indicating he is growing rapidly aware of the impending danger.  continuing his walk up Main Street. He comes upon a group of fighting children. Three boys are beating up on one. Bart moves in to break up the fight. Bart hops He does take into He spots Lamarr sneaking out rear door of commissary. He takes off in Lamarr's direction, He throws his guns away. ~ He hurls himself to the ground, rolls over, picks up his six-shooter and fires all in one motion.", "BLACK WORKERS": "They all stand around, their arms folded, nodding - appreciatively at the impromptu concert.", "TAGGART:": "What in the wide, wide world of sports is going on here? Listen, shithead. Surveyor says there might be some quicksand up ahead. (smashes him on head with swagger stick) Horses! Are you crazy? We can't afford to lose horses. Send two niggras. Quicksand. Shit. Now we're in trouble. Now let's see here, we can't go straight ahead and we can't swing right because of this ravine. We're gonna have to turn north... He turns around toward the direction of Bart and Charlie. Holy cow! Hurry, Lyle, get a rope. Lyle gets rope from saddle - twirls loop over his head vigorously. (continuing; impressed with this fancy twirling) Hey, Lyle, can you still do that fancy thing with the rope? No, better hurry and get that rope in there. Hurry up. There's $400 worth of handcar sinking there. Now that's the kind of attitude that holds you people back. Maybe if you had a little respect for your betters you could make your way up in this world. Lemme get back to you on that... Lyle. Taggart walks away. In a last desperate effort, Bart manages to grab on to the handcar. Charlie grabs Bart's legs and the two are pulled out together with the handcar, They lie there trying to catch their breath. (to the exhausted Bart and Charlie) Okay boys, the break is over. Let's not lie around taking sun baths. Won't do you much good anyway. Taggart and Lyle are convulsed by Taggart's dry wit. (continuing) Here, put this shovel to some good use. He drops shovel on the ground next to Bart and walks back toward Lyle. Bart grabs shovel, stands up and takes vicious practice swings with it. Charlie looks at Bart. We're in a heap of trouble and we're going to need a lot of extra supplies. Write this down. Lyle pulls out paper and pencil. (continuing) Now wire the main office in Topeka and tell them that (continuing) ...s5aid (pointing) And right here, Mr. Lamarr, is where we ran into the quicksand.  Yes, sir...yes, sir. Rock Ridge... Rock Ridge. Ditto. Yes, sir. What in the hell was that? Yes, sir, What about killing the first born male child in each household. I don't think we have anything to worry about. We can work up a number six on them. That's just where we ride into town at dawn thrashing everything that moves to within an inch of its life...except the women folk, of course. Oh no, we rape the shit out of them at the number six dance that follows. Yes, sir. This uppity niggra hit me with a shovel and I would appreciate it if you could find it in your heart to hang him. He's locked up downstairs. Much obliged. And don't you worry, Mr. Lamarr...we'll make Rock Ridge sorry it was ever born. Hurry boys, it's a fire sale. Ha, ha, ha. Got word there's a new sheriff in town. Who wants to kill him? All henchmen raise their hands like eager children in school. One man pulls another man's hand down. A squabble begins. Your ee-nuque idea. Well, Mongo, how would you like to mutilate the new sheriff? Mongo smiles and issues forth a nearly human noise. Good boy. Mongo reaches into his boot and pulls out a huge cigar, bites end off and spits it across campfire. Mongo then sticks his entire face into the raging campfire to light his cigar. As he comes back out of the campfire we see the upper half of him quietly smoldering. Use your own warped judgment. (v.0.) How so, Mr, Lamarr, sir? Thought for sure Mongo would mash him into little sheriff meatballs. Can't understand it. Gol durnit, Mr. Lamarxr, I ain't heard such pretty talk since I seen Charles Boyer as Pepe Le Moko, Yes sir, (in lower voice, to himself) But he sure talked lovely. For a moment, all is still as Lamarr thinks. Suddenly, Lamarr crashes his fist down into the water, drenching the nearby Taggart. (brushing his soggy clothing) That's it all right. And it will work! You bet it will! (raising his hand like a schoolboy) Are you taking questions now, sir? What are you talking about? Beauty? (panicked) I don't know, sir? Ah, I didn't see him when I came in. Oh, here it is, sir. It was under your hat. Just what in the wide wide world of sports is going on around here? Get back to work, Martin. Taggart spots Bart. Well, don't that beat all. Here we take the good time and trouble to slaughter every Indian in the West and for what? So's they can appoint a sheriff that's darker than the Indians, to wit, a niggra. Well, I'm depressed. It would help some. Yes sir. What do you want me to do, sir? Next. Next. Bart steps forward. C'mon. We're gaining on them. Taggart pulls out his gun and fires, His men follow suit, We'll never catch 'em, now. (angrily throwing down his hat) Sons~-of-bitches outsmarted us. (looking at the toll booth and sign) Le Petomane Thruway. What will that asshole think of next? Who's got a dime? Men ad 1lib, Someone's gotta go back and get us a shit load of dimes. (near the booth) Speed it up. Get your dimes ready. We'll never get to Rock Ridge. Push him off the road. Keep things going. Get more dimes. Shit. Road ain't even paved. It ain't even a road. What the hell do they do with all the money they collect? That's what I'd like to know. It's fake. We've been suckered in. Taggart hops on his horse and begins to lead his men out. Bad Guys, Bad Guys, pull yourselves together. Here come the Good Guys. It's never been done before in a Western but once, maybe just this once, we beat them. A melee ensues. This. He punches Buddy.", "CHARLIE:": "I had no idea your Grandmama was Dutch. Two brothers heading for the basement. Don't do it baby. Can't be. Must be a mirage. Well, I'll be... His face breaks into a grin. He drops the ladle and runs out to meet Bart. You shifty nigger. They said you was hung. Hey ba'bro. Where'd you get that star? You win it in the claw machine? Sheriff of Rock Ridge...well don\u2019t that hump the pump. That's where the railroad is going. Rock Ridge. Bart and Jim look at each other knowingly. Hello. Bart claps his hand over his mouth again. Goodbye. Bart claps his hand over his mouth and leaves. Take care, brother.", "HELP: HELP.": "", "TAGGART": "(continuing) ...to Rock Ridge. (to Bart & Charlie) Would you folks hold it down just a minute. We are trying to get some work done here. We can't hear our- He grabs chair. He is about to smash Bart over the head when a huge arm", "DAY": "Rider on horseback pulls up to Capital building steps. A little to the right of him we", "INSERT": "Sign on frosted glass.", "HEDLEY LAMARR": "", "ATTORNEY GENERAL": "", "LAMARR:": "Quicksand. Quicksand...splendid. (carefully digesting the news) Rock Ridge. Rock Ridge...splendid. Be still, Taggart. My mind is aglow with whirling transient nodes of thought careening through a cosmic vapor of invention, There is a long pause. Shut up! A plan, a plan, Ch, yes, the Dr. Gillespie killings. Do your best. Lamarr pulls down the shade. There is an incredible Shut up. Unfortunately there is one thing that stands between me and that property, and that's the rightful owners. There must be a way of scaring them out.\u2019 No, that's been done to death. Number six? I den't think I'm familiar with that one. Oh, you spare the women? It sounds grotesque but enter- taining...just might work. (Lamarr notices Taggart's bandages for the first time) Why Taggart, you've been hurt. Consider it done. Lamarr raises window shade. Through window (continuing) Boris, I've got a special. When can you work him in? r\u2014 Monday. Splendid. Lamarr pulls down shade. Splendid! We Just one more bill for you to sign, sir, This is the bill that will convert the state hospital for the insane into the William Beautifully put. No wonder they call you the silver-tongued orator. It's not Heddy, Governor... Hedley. Hedley Lamarr. (rising) Gentlemen, please rest your sphincters. As Attorney General, I assure you a suitable sheriff will be found to restore the peace in Rock Ridge. Meeting adjourned. Excuse me, Governor, Meeting is adjourned. Never mind. Lamarr leaves. A sheriff, a sheriff. But law and order is the last thing I want. (he stops and smiles) Perhaps I can turn this to my ad- vantage, If I can find a sheriff who so offends the citizens of Rock Governor, as per your instructions, I'd like you to meet the new sheriff of Rock Ridge. Now don't fly off the handle, Governor. I am about to make you an historic figure, maybe get you a cabinet post. The first man to ever appoint a black sheriff. Just think of it, Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, Le Petomane. One day is all we need for your name to be secure in the annals of Western history. And that will surely secure you the nomination for, dare I say, the Presidency? No, you can't, Governor. Hm. So he managed to outwit Mongo. It seems we have made a strategic blunder. We have made one of the most primi- tive tactical errors in military procedure. We have underestimated cur opponent. Be still! My mind is a raging torrent flooded with rivulets of thought cascading in a waterfall of creative alternatives. Shut up! Yes. Elementary, cactus-head. The Beast has failed. And when the Beast fails, it is time to call in Beauty. Don't be impatient, Taggart. All in good time. All in good time. She's never failed me before. Of course! (he laughs) She'll bring him to his knees... Well look, damn your eyes, look! Lamarr searches in the tub frantically. Taggart looks all around the tent. Hurry, hurry. Give it to me. Give it to me! Taggart hands Lamarr a large green rubber frog. Lamarr takes it, kisses it and places it in tub. (to himself) That was a close one. For you, my dear. Lili, I camnot find the words that truly express my joy at the rekind- ling of our associatiom. Why must it always be business with us? He moves closer to her, breathing heavily on her neck. Lili continues making up. (continuing) Why do you constantly put me off? I want you to seduce and abandon the sheriff of Rock Ridge...think you can do it? (whispering) How's it going? All right, I'm through being Mr. Goodbar., It's time to act and act fast. All my plans have backfired. Instead of people leaving, they're staying in droves. (interrupts them) Shut up. (his face lights up) Wait a minute. An army. Of course. An army of the worst dregs ever to soil the face of the West. Taggart. I've decided to launch an attack that will reduce Rock Ridge to ashes. I want you to round up every vicious criminal and gun slinger in the West. I Qualifications? You said rape twice. (interrupting) Just a moment, What are you chewing? Chewing gum on line. Draw... (to Cut-Throats) I hope that teaches you a little something about line deportment. (to Mexican bandit) Be ready to attack Rock Ridge at noon tomorrow. He hands him a badge.  That's not much of a crime. Hmmn. Wonderful, Very different too. Sign here. Bart reaches out to take pen exposing black hand. Seize them! Men, you are about to embark on a great crusade to stamp out runaway decency in the West. You will all be risking your lives while I will be risking an almost certain academy award nomination for best supporting actor. Please all rise and (continuing) Taxi. Taxi stops Lamarr enters and It's all right. It's on me, Lamarr picks up Little 01d Lady, throws her over his shoulder and runs into theatre. (handing ticket- taker the tickets) We're together. Shit! Lamarr snaps his finger in disgust, bolts out of seat and runs up aisle, Oh, oh...sorry... Just remembered. I am armed. Lamarr pulls out a derringer and fires at Bart.", "LAMARR": "He angrily storms over to the window, pulls up shade and raises window.  Boris, please, we can't hear ourselves think. No, Governor. You say that, Watching movie,", "BORIS).": "", "EXT, SCAFFOLD": "", "BORIS": "Nextht.", "LAMARR :": "Now where were we...oh, yes. Rock Ridge. When that railroad comes through Rock Ridge, the property there will be worth millions and I want it. I want that land so badly I can taste it. A box of these. Lamarr takes out hi-1i paddle and displays it. Of course, sir, If you'll just sign here. Lamarr then takes Le Petomane's right hand and guides it through the signature. A small herd of cattle passes through his office, Beautifully put. I'd like a word with you - do you have a moment? Official business, sir. Bave a seat, sheriff, while we straighten this little matter out. Bart goes to corner of room and sits. shirt Splendid. Sign here. Here's your badge. Qualifications?", "BORIS:": "(putting noose around horse's neck) I couldn't pothibly thneak him in until Monday, thir. We're Thorry. v.0.) Would you care for a blindfold or an after dinner mint?", "FADE OUT:": "   ", "CHORUS:": "v.o.  (v.0.) Co (v.0.)", "HARMONY .": "", "INT, SALOON": "", "CHOR{S :": "v.o. ;", "BARTENDER": "A big dirty animal of a man. He cleans shot glasses by spit- ting into them and wiping them with his filthy aprom..", "CHORUS :": "(v.o. (v.0.)", "CHORUS ;": "(v.0.) A", "OMITTED": " MOVIi", "SHERIFF": "He comes out of his office,", "SHERIFF:": "What's the meaning of this? Taggart's men shoot the Sheriff.", "SHERIFT:": "(continuing; as he is going down) Oh, that's the meaning.", "EXT. STREET": "", "HENRY:": "(to Outlaw) His name is Pal. Oh Pal. What have they done to you, I want to be the sheriff. I can do it. I can do it. Please make me the sheriff. Please make me the sheriff.", "EXT. BUILDING": "Lyle approaches a", "PAINTER:": "(Jewish) Actually it's a semi-gloss. Like an egg shell. (Jewish) Da best. (Jewish) Boy, do I hate da West,", "CAMERA": "Well, that's the end of this suit,", "ELDERLY WOMAN:": "(to Suck wind, Nigger. (whispering) Sorry about the 'suck wind' this morning. Of course, you'll have the good taste not to mention that I spoke to you?", "REV. JOHNSON:": "Be seated. People sit. Well, if we're gonna stay, and I think it's a big mistake, we're gonna have to have us a sheriff. Who's it gonna be? This town can't survive without a sheriff to keep the peace. Now, who's it gonna be? Pause. Everyone shuffles in their seats uneasily. A little boy (Henry) breaks away from his mother, jumps into aisle and makes speech.", "REV, JOHNSON:": "I don't have to tell you good folks what's been happening to our beloved little town. Sheriff murdered, crops burned, stores ransacked, people stampeded and cattle raped. The time has come to act and act fast, Good luck, Bart...and God bless you.", "GABBY JOHNSON:": "Hol' on. Consarnmit, goll-darnit. I'll be a horn-swaggeled bush- whackin' side-windin' saddle horn \u00ab...Ravvid, ravvid, ravvid... : (the rest of his dialogue is completely Nope. (to himself) Well, I'll be a tuckered plum. (he yells to townsfolk) You won't believe it, but the sheriff is a ni-- No, no, the sheriff is a ni-- Ravvid, consarnit suckatash, side- windin' plumbtuckered, mesquite bush- wackered tumbleroughs, maverick... ravvid, ravvid... Everyone takes their hat off and smashes Gabby on the head.", "OLSON JOHNSON:": "Now how can we argue with that. I think we are all indebted to Gabby Johnson here for clearly stating what had to be said, And I'm glad the children were here today to hear that speech, Not only was it authentic Gentlemen, I am honored. But I must decline on the grounds of I won't do it. I nominate Van Johnson, Just got a telegram from the Governor's office. Sheriff'll be here at noon. The sheriff is near. Townspeople start to cheer. Hold on men. He's not bluffing. He'll kill 'im sure as shooting. Oh, blow it out your ass, Howard. - Aw, prairie shit...everybody.", "HOWARD JOHNSON:": "(rising) Dr, Samuel Johnson's right about Olson Johnson's being right. And I'm not giving up my ice cream parlor that I built with these two hands for nothing or nobody. Thank you, Van. Why don't we wire the Govermor to send us a sheriff. Why should we get our own men killed? (holding laurel wreath and reading from paper) Noon! I'd better rehearse my speech. 'As\u2019 honorary \u2018chairman of the w\u00e9lcomring committee, it is my privilege to extend to you a laurel and hearty Ring out the church bells. Strike : up the band. The town of Rock Ridge is happy to extend a laurel and hearty welcome to its new... (he sees Bart) nigger, Drop it, Van. He's serious... Nietzche says \"Out of chaos comes order.\" Sheriff, I want you to have this wreath. Meant to give it to you on the day you came to town. Bart accepts the wreath. Goodbye, Sheriff. It's been nice knowin' ya'. Sheriff, I don't know what you got up your sleeve but you must be plumb_loeco dragging a whole town out of bed in the middle of the night to God knows where to do God knows what, (to Van Johnson who is riding next to him) Hell, this don't make no sense no how. If we had any brains we'd have pulled out yesterday, headed for Anaheim, California, and hooked up with that Nothing's missing. It's all there, right down to the last hitching post. But they'll be here in half an hour. What? Hit something over 2,000 yards away with a six-shooter. Can't be done. Missed. Sheriff, you can't go now. We need you, Townsfolk ad lib.", "VAN JOHNSON:": "Howard Johnson is right. I say we nominate Olson. I am not unaware of the prestige and the honor of the office of Sheriff, I am also not unaware of the death that frequently accompanies the job. I am thereby forced by good sense and fear to decline. Howard Johnson is absolutely right. We'll wire the Governor. (frustrated) Aw, shoot. Van drops rifle from roof and it clatters to ground, Well, we're people. Why don't we get in there and stand around and then when the murdering cutthroats come riding into town to kill us.... They all stare at Van. (continuing) You didn't hear it and I didn't say it.", "REVEREND JOHNSON:": "Let us pray for the deliverance of our new sheriff. The congregation will rise. They all rise. (continuing) I will now read from the books of Matthew, Mark, Luke and... Shattering of glass as some lighted dynamite comes through window. 8 (continuing) Gentlemen, Gentlemen. Let's not allow anger to rule the day. As your spiritual leader I implore you to pay heed to this good book and what it has to say. Especially those instructions handed down to us by Abraham, Isaac and Solomon... (continuing) Unfortunately, those instructions are now somewhere over Omaha. (to Bart) Son, you're on your own. I must take shelter so as to preach another day. Go along with him, son. There'll be another time. Bart eases himself, backwards very slowly, until he reaches the jail house door, other hand behind him, opening door. The last thing we see is his anguished expression as he pushes himself inside and Order! Order! Now everyone be quiet whilst we listen to Harriet Van Johnson, our esteemed schoolmarm; as she reads a telegram that she herself has composed to the Governor, expressing our feelings about the new sheriff. Forgive me, Lord. (knee to groin) Forgive me, Lord. (knee to groin) Forgive me, Lord... (knee to groin)", "DUCK.": "There is a huge explosion.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "46. ", "GOVERNOR": " walks over and starts flirting with cut-out of Lili in pasties and g-string.", "LE PETOMANE:": "What is it? Oh, wonderful. What are we giving them in return? Seems like a fair exchange. (lowers his voice) You think you could save one of . those beauties for me? Woo-Woo, Work, work, work. What's next? What is it? (rising to his feet) This bill will be a giant step forward in the treatment of the insane gambler. (sitting down) Thank you, Heddy. (friendly aside) What are you worried about? This is 1874... you can sue her. : (as his hand is being pushed along paper) Watch the n's., Watch the n's. Cross the Read it... read it. (under his breath) You wild bitch. What? Oh, it is. What? Good man but he's nervous. Tall people are very nervous, Too far from the earth. Give me one of those things, will ya sweetheart. Miss Stein hands him a hi-1li paddle. Does four swipes at the ball. Misses every time, These are defective. Throws it back into the box and Yes. Be with you in a minute. (v.o.; head ducks back behind drapes) Just a trifle, my dear. Throw a robe on...the floor is dirty. I'll be back in a minute. Oh, hello. Sorry to be tardy. 1 was just looking out the wall. What can I do for you, Hedley. (to Bart) I'm pleased to mee... (to Lamarr) Lamarr, have you gone berserk? This man's a nigger, (to Bart) Lamarr, I have never questioned your judgment before but haven't you taken a giant leap away from your own good senses? You can't make a nigger (to Bart) Cabinet post? Cabinet post? But it won't work, They'll never accept him. They'll kill that nigger (to Bart) no offense (to Lamarr) dead in one day. Dare, dare. . (humming \"Hail To The Chief\") Good luck nigger, no offense. And I hope that you bring glory, brief as it may be, to this hallow state. (deftly stepping out of his trouser) Is that it Heddey, I'm terribly busy. : Very, very funny. You know I can still have you fired. Can I fire you? All right, good luck. Governor Le Petomane goes behind the drapes. What?...who are you? What's your name? Yeah...that's right...Harry. You say a word about this to my beloved wife, your beloved sister, and I'll have you fired and burned...give me that. He rips the telegram from the man's hand and begins (mumbling) Mumble, mumble,mumble...ASSHOLE!  Harpo Marx. Didn't you care for it? Maybe you'd prefer Tarzan?....Cheeta, where boy...water good, water good. Yes, yes...of course. But seriously, folks.....I love a parade. Oh ves... whoo, whoo....I think you'll \u00a3ind Rock Ridge to be a model of peace- ful co-existence never before seen in the ammals of the West. Nothing, Coach comes to a stop. Get your ass out. Very nice...very nice...get your ass out to the Gover- nor of the state. Governor climbs down from stagecoach. (to diiver) Can I have you fired? Rumm, rumm, rumm. Good luck to you, you drunken lout, Gentlemen, let us meet some of the remarkable citizens who have shown America a shining example of tolerance in lieu of hatred...take a shot of me with the wonderful citizens, Press photographer sets up old-fashioned tripod and How are you today, my good man? Dummy 's head starts bobbing up and down wildly. Governor puts arm around dummy for picture. (whispering behind his hand) Find some drapes and wait behind them. I'll be there as soon as I get rid of these schmucks. (cupping his ear with his hand) Hear that? More people moving into town every day. Welcome to Rock Ridge, the first inte- grated community in the West, (his clothes tattered and smoking from gunfire;", "LAMARR ;": "Under the provisions of this bill, the Cheyenne nation would give us 200,000 square acres of their land which we have deemed unsafe for their use at this time.", ": LAMARR:": "Just sign here,", "MISS STEIN:": "Just this urgent telegram from Rock Ridge that came in last Friday. (reading telegram) \"Sheriff murdered, Church meeting bombed, reign of terror must cease, send new sheriff immediately\", (v.o.; behind drapes) What is it, Bill? (v.0.) Bill are you coming back? Anything you say, Bill, She starts to turn over.", ": BORIS:": "Thorry.", "OFFICIAL:": "(reading from state document) In accordance with the ordinance signed by John Mordinance, the prisoner is to be hanged by his neck to pay for sub-ordinance. Of course. Bart whips off his hat.", ". LAMARR": "The Presidency. Governor strides over to Bart.", "OLSON JOHNSON": "running up street holding telegram.", "HOWARD JOHNSON": " on platform. who has not seen Bart enter. His eyes are glued to his paper as he reads his speech.", "MARCH MUSIC,": "", "GABBY": "", "TOWNSPEOPLE": " Men who continue to load and cock six shooters, rifles and shotguns. ad lib, Bart rides past CHarlie and slaps him off.", "TOWNSPEOPLE:": " (in unison)", "(AD LIB)": "The sheriff is near. The sheriff is near.", "TOWNSPEOPLE CHEERING": "Cheering reaches pandemonium stage. Bart is now only fifty. feet away but still cannot be seen clearly because of the dust. The dust clears. Townspeople see Bart for the first time. As his horse slowly trots down the main street, the music peters out in ragged dissonance.", "Cut TO:": "", "TOWNSFOLK": "1. Gabby Johnson, his tongue, the only thing on his face not frozen in horror, \"dangles \"from his motith, He shakes his head and says \"Ravvid, ravvid, rav..v... 1\" 2. A woman holding her hands over her little girl's eyes. 3. Olson Johnson slowly, silently mouthing the word, pull out their guns and begin loading them.", "WOMAN": "screaming and fainting,", "(continuing) :": "...by the Honorable William", "TOWNSPEOPLE.": "They are all aiming their guns at Bart.", "BART: (Cont.)": "He means it. He means it. He'll do it. I know him.", "HARRIET JOHNSON:": "(tearfully) Isn't anybody gonna help that poor man?", "TAGGART :": "Ee-nuque? Don't you mean unique? What is it?", "HENCHMEN :": "(v.o.;", "TAGGART:;": "What do you say, Mongo? 95.", "REVEALING MONGO": "He's a huge mountain of a man. Straddled between his legs is a mammoth black cauldron of bubbling beans. He uses a fireplace shovel to get the beans into his gaping yaw of a mouth. <raggart walks over co him.", "MONGO :": " No. Mongo stay. Mongo sits on bunk. Mongo stay with Sheriff Bart. Bart first man ever whip Mongo. Mongo impressed. Have great affection for sheriff. Bwazh. Mongo straight.", "BWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANA": "", "MONGO:": "How you want sheriff killed? All at once, or little pieces?  Spanish Balloons? Mongo take chance. Where Mongo get air? Ohhh. Good. Bart finishes fastening helmet and Mongo climbs down ladder into well, How much? Orange juice, toast and coffee...and a paper. Mongo yawns and stretches, easily breaking out of the chains. Don't know for sure, but got to do with where choo-choo go. No know. Mongo only pawn in game of life, What about Mongo lunch? Heeeeere's Mongo! He reaches crowd, stops and takes off tarp which covers wagon. (in panic) Where Mongo? He races around wagon to find himself. At the back of the wagon, we (continuing; seeing himself, he breaks into tears and puts arms around his double) Awwww. ...Mongo.", "BWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA": "", "ROCK RIDGE": "", "(TO CAMERA)": "He's got enough trouble without a bunch of honkies chasing his ass all over Mexico. We I'd say Mongo's as smart as a '38 Buick. Bart whistles to someone", "INT. CELL": "We", "SHOT:": "", "PRISONER: (JIM)": "We're not sure. Are we black?", "JIM:": "Then we're awake... And we're puzzled. I better straighten myself out. All T can get. Bart unlocks cell door and helps Jim to his feet, Thank you. No, thanks. Food makes me sick, Jim reaches over and takes a bottle from the upper bunk, uncorks it and drinks it clean. Ahhhhhbh. When? Bart studies him carefully. (holding fingers to his head) Jim. But most people call me Jim. No reason I know of. Nothing here worth taking. (off-handedly) I wouldn't worry about that. You'll probably be dead before you get the answer. But I would worry about that move you just made. Go on, take it back, All right, you lose your queen. (he takes queen) (amazed) - You devious son-of-a-bitch. Do you really want to know? Well, once upon a time they used to call me the Waco Kid, (indignantly) In the world. Well, maybe years ago I could've shown you something...but today... (lifts his hands; they tremble) All right, All right. See that king? Now put your hands on both sides of it. {Bart does so) When I go for the king, you try to grab _it first. Never mind. When I say \"go' you just try to grab it. Ready? co! (he takes king from under his hat) Looking for this? Was. Yeah was. I was the Kid, Every prairie rat who could draw a gun from Yuma to Laredo had to ride into town to try out the Kid. I must have killed more men than Napoleon at Moscow. Yeah, it got But that's ancient history. What's your story? What's a dazzling ur- banite like you doing put here? (v.0.) Good night, Sheriff. Bart smiles and shakes his head and turns out kerosene lamp. Need the makin's? Ya know what they're callin' me don't you? Deputy Nigger. Jim laughs, strikes a match, lights Bart's cigarette and then lights his own. Bart takes a deep drag. (sniffing the air) Ah, Arizona Gold. Listen, do me a favor. Don't go out there. You can't win these people over, no matter what you do. They are just not going to accept you, Incredible. I still can't believe it. Well, you've got one on your side. There is another Gee, in another 25 years you may even be able to shake their hands in broad daylight. C'mon, I don't want to be late. That Lili Von Shtupp is opening tonight. What have you got there? What does it say? Well, Bad news. Got a writ here for Mongo's release signed by Hedley Lamarr himself. Better watch yourself, Bart. I do believe Mongo's takin\u2019 a fancy to you. (looking at writ) Hey, Mongo, maybe you Maybe a little snooping and maybe a lot of dying. You are one crazy nigger. I don't understand you. You're acting like a...a...sheriff. Boy is he strict, (points and says) There's our ticket. Bart looks. (standing up) Hey fellas. Look what I got here. Ku Klux Klanners stride over. Jim raises Bart up and dis- plays him like a chicken. Come around here so's we can have him for ourselves, Did you have to stick the cactus up his ass? (covering quickly) Rhett, how many times have I told you to wash up after the weekly-cross burn- ing? Lyle rips off Bart's hood. (holding Bart under the water) Nobody, just doing my wash. We (pointing) Look. Bart sees what Jim is pointing This dumb horse is going to get us killed. C'mon. Let's make a run for it. Bart and Jim jump down and start to run. Who the hell would be riding in there now? We They're through the booth. Okay. We've _\u2014 minutes. Bart raises plunger on detonator. (through telescope) Okay, they're all in. Give 'er a try. Jim crooks his elbow for support, leans the barrel of his gun over it, Slowly his index finger begins to tighten on the trigger. Everyone stares down toward town expectantly, Hold on. It takes a little while for it to get there, (to Bart) How ya' doin'? Well, that's done. What do we do now? (casually) Where ya headin'? Always wanted to go there.", "~~ BART:": "\\ Let's play chess.", "VOICES:": "(v.o0.) Louder. We can't hear you. Speak up.", "WHAT?": "", "BART: \u2019": "Hey, man, why do you do that to yourself?", "BACK TO:": "105.", "STOCK FOOTAGE:": "", "INDIANS": "attacking. In a short time they reduce the wagon train to smoldering ashes. They stare back in wonder.", "LITTLE WAGON": "It is encircled by Indians. Bart and his parents stare at them in terror.", "CHIEF": "in full-feathered regalia. He stares for a long time at Bart and his family.", "CHIEF:": "(to brave in half Indian, half Yiddish) Abm...ma...ma...yah...va... shvartzes? The Chief is faced with a dilemma. He thinks hard and finally comes to a decision. Manoma, . .Moma, ..Coma... (he raises his arms to the sky) La Zehn Azoi....Luzem gayen. Abi gezunt. Chief wheels his horse and rides off. Braves follow.", "FADE UP:": "114.", "FLUNKY:": "Err...Governor. Your brother-in-law. I work for you. Urgent telegram, sir. Harry.", "JIM": "at cell window from Bart's He rides up, gets off his horse, walks over to Bart and sur- veys the scene.", "SCREEN FLIPS:": "138.", "MONGO:~": "Ready. Bart is handed both lanyards, he pulls them simultaneously. There is an incredible", "PULLS BACK.": "", "DISSOLVE THROUGH": "", "POSTER TO:": "", "LILI:": "Willkommen, Bien Venue, Welcome. Oh, how ordinary. (calls Bullshit. What's ze job? Only zexually. Lamarr is stung. (continuing) Now, come on, Lamarr. What's ze job? ? hb J J Is Bismark a herring? There is a loud rapping at the door. Sank you, ladies and cowboys. And now, I vould like to favor you viz my vorld famous wendition of \"I'm Tired\"...ze song zat closed Poland. But wight before I do, I'd like to slip into somezing more comfortable... You're too kind. She walks into wings and returns immediately, clad in an incredibly sexy outfit, The place goes wild. Lili signals for quiet. A hush falls over saloon. Softly, she begins to sing.  (continuing) (continuing) (continuing) (continuing) (continuing) Ooh, a wed wose...how womantic. Have a seat, Sheriff. Von't you excuse me for a moment vhile I change into somezing more comfortable. Bart does take (continuing; from behind screen) Why don't you.... loosen your bullets, She comes out wearing exactly the same outfit, only different color. (continuing) Ah, I feel wefreshed. Isn't it bwight in here? She puts kerosene lamp out. It is pitch dark. (continuing) There, isn't that better? There is a moment of silence. Pardon me, I'll be back in a moment. Wemember where we were. She goes to door and opens it a crack. We He's like wet sauerkraut in my hands. By morning he will be my slave. Splendid! Ah, where were we? Ah yes. Here, let me sit next to you. Tell me schatzi, it is twue vat zey say about the vay you people are gifted? (long pause) Vould you like another schnitzen- gruver? Then how about a little... (whispers something into his ear we can't hear) Vill I see you later? No, no. Please you mustn't leave. I need you. I never met anyone like you. I can't live vithout you. Vhy don't you admit it; he's too much man for you. I know. You'll need an army to beat him. You're finished. Fertig! Fahrlumped! Ferucht! Lili and Leopold break into a German anthem together. Oh, Bart, I'll never forget you.", "DOOR": "Hedley Lamarr enters, carrying flowers.", "LEOPOLD:": "(v.o0.) Five minutes.... At the same time his hand smashes through the door and (v.o0.; continuing) Sorry. The wooden arm is withdrawn.", "WINDOW": "Framed in the window we see the same elderly woman that had insulted Bart that very morning, holding a steaming pie in her hands.", "HOWARD:": "(whispering) Of course, if anybody asks you where you got it, just tell them you stole it out of my store.", "BARBER:": "I want to apologize for not being able to take you today. You come around anytime tomorrow. Give you a haircut and shave on the house. Good night. The best time would be about 4 o'clock in the morning. I know I'll be free then.", "M.C,:": "And now, ladies and cowboys, the gal you've all been waiting for...the Bay-varian Bombshell herself..,let's hear it for Lili Von Shtupp. Saloon patrons give out a big", "I'M TIRED": "  Suddenly drum starts new \"up tempo\". Lili reaches down and snaps off her whip, cracks it and goes into release of song as she marches down into audience.", "OF COURSE": "", "BART'S TABLE": "Jim is applauding as Bart opens envelope and takes out note.", "; BART:": "For you.", ": CHARLIE:": "Don't crush the brother, Check your enthusiasm. Don't be messin' up the man, s vines with the soil from your toil. More and more workers crowd into the scene, They slap Bart on the back and rejoice in a brother \"having made", "TONY :": "Don't you see what this means? Lock \u00ab..a tin star on a black man's chest. This is a tremendous step forward. Not just for him but for all of us. Black, white, yellow and Armenian working side by side, spanning", "TONY:": "", "TENEMENT SYMPHONY": " ", "TAGGART: :": "Holy mother of pearl. That's the niggra that hit me with the shovel. What the hell do you think you're doing with that tin star, \"boy''?", "RAILROAD WORKERS:": "", "BART: .": "Don't just stand around stunned, grasping your hands in pain. Let's have a little applause for the Waco Kid.", "LAMARR: (Cont.)": "bounty hunters desperados pugs mugs thugs half-wits", "WANTED:": "", "SAMUEL JOHNSON:": "We don't care if it's the first act of Henry the Fifth. We're leaving.", "TOWNSFOLK:": "(ad 1ib) Randolph Scott. Randolph Scott.", "MEXICAN BANDIT:": "(flinging the badge away) We doan need no steekin' badges. The two hooded figures start to ease away from the line. Too late. They are next.", "Qualifications:": "", "MEN": "chasing them.", "BAPTISM TODAY": "They turn right. They disappear. Pursuers reach same point. They hesitate and then split up.", "SMALL POND": "Several people in white sheets are either dipping or being dipped into the water. Bart and Jim come flying", "CUTTHROAT:": "(to Jim) Who are you baptising?", "MAN": "in white sheet in water.", "MAN:": "Hey, just what do you fellas think you're doin' with my horse.", "EVERYONE:": "(v.0.) \"What the hell was that!\"", "HORIZON": "Sun rising slowly,", "OLSON:": "(driving last nail into place) That does it. They all whoop for joy. Oh, my God. People...there's no people.", "I,": " ", "LAMARR;": "Your name.", "LAMARR LEADING:": "(v.o.) ....pledge allegiance to Hedley Lamarr, and to the evil for which he stands. One scoundrel indisputable with hatred and malice for all. (with maniacal fervor)", "CdT TO:": "205,", "WAGON": "It is filled with cardboard replicas of everybody in town. Their heads bob up and down on springs.", "VARIOUS TOWNSPEOPLE": "Townspeople ad lib.", "JIM: :": "Hey, Bart, take a lock at that.", "DRIVER:": "(v.o.) We're here, Governor. Get your ass out. Sure you can...if you don't mind a stagecoach strike.", "LE PETCMANE:": "(continuing; to dummy) Can't you hold your goddamn head steady for one lousy picture? You're a nervous wreck, Photographer takes the picture,", "ALL:": "We're schmucks.", "TO CAMERA)": "A little rowdy perhaps but a new territory never attracts the upper middle class right off the bat. Take Australia...please. Why it started with a handful of criminals and convicts.", "QUICK CUTS:": " 234. ", "LAMARR'S HORDE": "wrecking havoc upon the town, engaging in joyful carnage and senselessly mutilating innocent cardboard cut-outs.", "RIDGE": "Bart, Jim, Howard, Samuel, Van, Olson and Lili are there.", "VAN JCHNSON:": "What are we going to do? Any minute now they're going to find out that town is a fake and pull out.", "OF EXPLOSIONS.": "", "cut TO:": "", "MONGO": "He is knocking people out, using an unconscious Bad Guy as a bludgeon. Ten Bad Guys rush him. He knocks them \"out with his human club. He's waving goodbye and weeping copiously. A", "ASSISTANT DIRECTOR:": "They're on their marks, Mr. Bizarre.", "BUDDY BIZARRE:": "Thank you. All right. Very, very, quiet on the set, please...because it's \"Magic Time\". Roll it, turn over, action and playback. What's going on here? 1s this some kind of grotesque joke? (walking up to Taggart) What the hell do you think you're doing on my set?", "FIRST DANCER:": "They've hit Buddy!! Come on, girls. - Dancers rush down the steps, their cames at the ready, The Western types and the chorus boys start mixing it up. You filthy, yet somehow attractive, Western pig! First Dancer smashes cowboy over the head. ;", "; COWBOY:": "Why you miserable little fruit! Cowboy punches First Dancer out.", "CLOSEUP BART": "", "FIGHTER:": "So, how many days you got left, Irv?", "ADOLPH HITLER:": "Well,,.what the hell is that!? They turn their heads to the door, Black Bart Brawl spills into commissary. Not only are the Good Guys and the Bad Guys engaged in the fisticuffs, but also many of the dancers from the thirties set have been swept along in the fracas. It is a rip-roaring beauty of a fight.", "TABLES": "covered with food being smashed.", "BAKERY MAN:": "(calling out) Bakery man.", "HENDLEY LAMARR": "He is seated at a small table near rear exit of commissary. He looks around, takes last sip of coffee, carefully blots his mouth with napkin, pulls his hat down over his eyes and starts to tip-toe out. He grimaces, stops, walks back, leaves a dime tip and starts to tip-toe toward the rear exit.", "TOURIST MAN:": "(v.o.) Hey, Mother, come over here. I found Hedy Lamar!", "TOURIST MOTHER:": "(v I can't. shoes.", "INT. THEATRE": "Lamarr looks around and ducks into an aisle seat.", "OMITTED.": "", "CLOSEUP.OF LAMARR": "He is very interested in what is happening on the screen.", "MOVIE SCREEN": "Bart gallops up to front of Grauman's Chinese Theatre and ties his horse to a parking meter.", "LAMARR: \u2019": "Wait, wait! I'm unarmed.", "~ BART:": "All right, we'll settle it like men. ,.with our fists,", "THE END": "Song continues over"}, "butch-cassidy-and-the-sundance-kid-1969.pdf": {"CUT TO:": "823", "BUTCH CASSIDY": "and hard to pin down. Thirty-five and bright, he has brown hair, but most people, if asked to describe him, would remember him blond. He speaks well and quickly, and has been all his life a leader of men; but if you asked", "CUT-TO:": "4", "BUTCH": "GooQ~ For a\u00b7m1nute I thought we were\u00b7 in trouble. 816", "GUARD": "Buenos dias, le puedo 130 Sundance Is gun hits him once on the head and as he falls senaeless", "BOTCH": "(and now he is moved too) We're outlaws. Outlaws, I don't Imo~ why, Cause we're good at it. I been one since I was fifteen and my wife left me on account of it", "PLAYER": "Over. He pushes -back from the table. Hesitates. Then --", "MACON": "(he can barely get the words out J \u2022\u2022\u2022 stick around why don\u2022t you? \u2022\u2022\u2022 51", "MUSTACHED MAN": "you're really building up my confidence --", "C'CT TO:": "23 i\u2022iACON smiling now.", "SUNDANCE": "Lefors? No.", "CUT": "", "TO:": "", ".BUTCH": "Hey-hey -- let\u2022s enlist and go fight the Spanish -- you and me in the war -- Sundance just gives him a look.", "NEWS": "There ain't what I'd in here, Butch. call a for.tune", "HARVEY.LOGAN'S VOICE": "(o.s.) No banks. What? 90", "LOGAN": "Rules? ,l!l ~ knife tight? No rules! As he tinishes speaking Butch delivers the most aesthetic\u00ad ally exquiste kick i11 the balls in the history ot the", "~I": "", "CUT TQ:": "clustered around Logan. He is stripped to the waist and his body is brutal. Suddenly he calls out", "CUT ,TO:": "127", "ENODIEER": "Where? StmDA?iCE Here would be tine.", "ENGINEER": "Shut up, Gummy. FmEMAN Re ain't go=a shoot us -- hell, U he was go=a shoot us, he'd a shot us when you tried to", "I": "just don't understand anything an,more. 676", "'?RE ENGINEER": "watching them.", "FIREMAH": "Stick your heads in' \u2022 \u2022 \u2022 stick your heads in \u2022\u2022\u2022", "C'O'T TO:": "", "FIREMAN": "That's young Woodcock; he's awful dedicated.", "VOICE": "(o.s., from inside the car) I can't do that on account of I work for Mr.", "WOODCOCK": "I'm sorry Butch, but you blew that last one so easy I just hadda do something. 278", "BUTCH'S VOICE": "(o.s.) You're just a good teacher, Etta.", "CllT '?O:": "157", "COT TO:": "727", ". MARSHAL": "All right; they Just robbed the Flyer outside our town, and that makes it our responsibility to get after them ~-", "MARSHAL'S VOICE": "(o.s.) now you'll,have-to bring your own horses 168", "MARSHAL": "(to crowd) You gonna listen to him or you gonna come with me? 192", "SECOND CITIZEN": "(aghast) heap. 'em oft? --you crazy? we do that and they'll kill us. 39 There is general vocal agreement on this point from the crowd. l74", "FANNY": "Trouble?", "SALESMAN.": "-- friends and enemies (big)", "SALESMAN": "-- the pleasures it provides can be equalled only by the love of your lady. 194 A", "MARSHAL:\u00b7": "Now just what in the hell do you think you're doing?", "GIRL": "Fanny says for you-to come right now to her party. Butch nods, stands. The Girl comes into his arms. 176 Cont.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "694", "CUT Tci:": "204", "CU'l' TO:": "217", ",CUT TO:": "218", "ETTA": "(catching their look) Oh, you thought I was going to be sentimental and embarrass ;y-ou, admit it. {shaking her head) All these ;y-ears and we don It !mow", "BUTCH ETTA": "Do you know what you're doing?", "are into:": "", "CDT TO:": "228", "CLOSEUP -ETTA": "laughing,", "CUT'TO:": "236", "REFLECTION SHOT": "we have been looking at and now, as the song starts to climax --", "A VOICE": "'(o.s., from inside the car) I work tor Mr.", "WOODCOCK'S VOICE": "(o.s.) Butch, it it was only !f!1 money you know there's no one I'd rather have steal it, but I am still in the", "SUNDANCE'S VOICE": "(o.s.) Well? That guy in the middle \u2022\u2022 ,?", "CtJT TO:": "297", "into:": "", "J": "176", "NOSE": "dead. 309", "I.": "And they are off again, riding flat out.", "AGNES": "(o.s,) \u00b7 -- the way you're always looking to see am I happy or not -- a lot ot the other girls -- they might want", ":SUTCH": "Could you be a little more specific there, Agnes?", "SUNDA:.CE": "(as he goes to the door) No, no, don't ask me to stay. And as he closes the door 3/.i.0", "BUTCH\u00b7": "Get out or hereL The horses stay where they are,", "I'": "176 353", "BUT.CH": "(shaking his head) Somebody sure trained 'em.", "DEEPER WOODS": "The treea are attacking them now as they ride slowly past, doing their b~st to protect themsalves.", "S'ONDANCE'S VOICE": "(o.s.) Maybe. Maybe lanterns.", "-- I": "wish we had rifles --they got rifles --but what the hell, we got surprise going for us, right? -- The glow of the Superpossa separates now. One glow begi.~s", "CUT TO:.": "", "BLEDSOE": "-- you jus~ want to hide out til it's old times again, but it's over. It's over, don't you get that? It's over and you're both gonna die bloody, and", "BULL: BLEDSOE": "(There is a pause. Then Cont.", "THE SUN": "and 1t 1s blinding.", "CUT\u00b7TO:": "408", "CUT To\u00b7:": "409", "BUTCH SUNDANCE": "Tell them that.", "I ,": "176 95 422", "AND SUNDANCE.\u00b7": "", "SDNDANCE'S VOICE": "(o.s.) We got to talking with some g~mbler that night. And he told us about the Indian. A", "SUNDANCE'$ VOICE": "( 0 .s. ) That's r1ght, He called himself Lord Baltimore and he could track anybody. Over anything. Day or night.", "AND SUNDANCE": "staring at the screen and --", "MIRAGE SHOT": "They appear to be almost statues.", "GROUND": "It is as if Butch and Sundance are straining their eyes to the point of pain trying to see clearly. The Man on the Ground might indeed be an Indian -- but the sun bouncing off the rocks", "SUNDANCE.": "They do?", "SUNDANCE -DAY": "both or them on the one horse, riding.as fast as they can.", "Cll'l' TO:": "443 A", "I \u2022": "176 102 449", "CTJT TO:": "453", "CUT TC:": "684", "BUTCH\u2022S VOICE": "(o.s.) These g,17s can't read Spanish. 701", "SUHDA;,CE": "They' re go i.ng for poa i tion all right,", "Next.ti:me,": "481", "BUTCR\u2022S VOICE": "(o.s,) NOi", "CUT TO": "486", "I ,,": "176 112", "FADE IN": "496", "E:l'TA": "No, no, no -- just til they kill you. She brings food to table and --", "EI'TA SUNDANCE": "Butch and me been talking and wherever the hell Bolivia is, that's where we're ott to. at the stove. She nods, says nothing. 523", "are:": "", "ANOTHER SHOT.": "", "A, BUTCH": "is seen, similarly dressed. Then there is", ".Listen: your": "job is to back me up because you'd starve without l!!!.\u2022", "BUTCH.": "(he doesn't want her to go either) Whatever she wants.", "ARMED GUARD": "Buenos dias; le puedo servir?", "SUND.AXCE": "What was that again?", "call out:": "", "BANK PEOPLE": "-- Bandidos Yangui -- Bandidos Yangui", "CHIEF CORREGIDOR": "--Bandidos Yanqui -- And as the men quickly stand --", "FIRST BANK": "", "CLERK": "Si.", ", I": "I ' ' ' \" ' 176 135 594 Cont \u2022 . The Second Clerk just shrugs -- he Is never heard of them.", "BANK EXECUTIVE": "Who are you?", "BANK CLERK": "(interested -- he's heard ot them)", "TELLER": "No, Senor --", "THE TELLER": "As Sundance hands", "FIRST CUSTOMER": "(whispering to the \u00b7 man beside", ",I": "176 609 Cont \u2022 . Second Customer raises his hands a little blt higher in the air, turns and whispers to the man beside him.", "SECOND CUSTOMER": "Bandidos Yanqui. Third customer illlmediately turns, and whispers to the man beside him --", "THIRD CUSTOMER": "Bandidos Yanqui -- And as the whisper moves down along the row, with the steady repeated whisper of \"Bandidos Yanqui,\" the", "GARRIS": "( chattering on) course you probably think I'm crazy but I'm not --bingo -- I'm colorful; that's what happens to you when you live ten", "GARRIS\u2022 VOICE": "No, no ( c;,.s \u2022) {and he moves into view)", "SUNDAUCE": "(explaining; simply) I\u2022m better when I move, l76", "SUIIDANCE": "(as excited as Butch) We got jobs?", "--SUNDANCE": "done this kind ot we want to get", "' SUNDANCE": "You had a family? I didn't !mow that.", "':FT Tl:": "652 Sl'", "DISSOLVE T:J:": "A", "A LARGE": "", "LEADER": "Dejon el dinero y vayanse?", "A": "second man stands now. Then a third. Still no sound. 672", "THE BLOODBATH": "", "BEGINS ITS": "", "CTJ'l' TO:": "", "D. ETTA": "walking away, her face always growing as the", ":aUTCH": "Look -- I gotta right to my opinion and my opinion is there's snakes in the Jungle, so I'll work in the mountains and I'll work in the cities, but from now on, Jungle work", "Come:-? Si?": "Si. ',ffiI'!E-HAIRED", ":RESTAURANT OWNER": "(whispering as he points to the mules) El mulo es de Alpaca Mines.", "FIRST POLICEMAN": "Cierto? Si.", "THE MULES": "in the far corner of the patio. The sound of gunfire increases steadily. The mules stand motionless.", "SUNDANCE\u00b7": "You go, 765", "-I": "176 176 766", "ROOM": "Butch and Sundance stand by the door. Silently, Butch hands Sundance his pistols.", "THE DOOR": "completeJ.y open now.", "HEAD POLICEMAN": "Si, mi Capitan. 803 CLOSEtrP", "CAPTAIN": "ataque -- ataque -- ataque --"}, "casablanca.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "", "NARRATOR (V.O.)": "With the coming of the Second World War, many eyes in imprisoned Europe turned hopefully, or desperately, toward the freedom of the Americas. Lisbon became the great embarkation point.  But not everybody could get", "CUT TO:": "", "POLICE OFFICER": "To all officers!  Two German couriers carrying important official documents murdered on train from Oran.  Murderer and possible accomplices headed for Casablanca. Round up all suspicious characters", "FIRST POLICEMAN": "In that case, we'll have to ask you to come along. The civilian pats his pockets.", "CIVILIAN": "Wait.  It's just possible that", "SECOND POLICEMAN": "These papers expired three weeks ago. You'll have to come along. Suddenly the civilian breaks away and starts to run wildly", "ENGLISHWOMAN": "Oh. Suddenly the Englishman looks off in the direction of the departed European, the clouds of suspicion gathering. Interrupting overhead is the", "ENGLISHMAN": "I've left my wallet in the hotel.", "EUROPEAN": "Oh, I'm sorry. As the European hurries away, Carl checks all his pockets to make sure nothing is missing. Sam and Corina play a number, accompanied by the orchestra.", "ANNINA": "Thank you so much, Captain Renault.", "HEINZE": "Can you imagine us in London?", "STRASSER": "Get me the Radio Tower!", "RENAULT": "Uh huh.", "TONELLI": "Captain Tonelli, the Italian service, at your command, Major.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "LAUGHTER.": "The occupants of the room are varied.  There are Europeans in their dinner jackets, their women beautifully begowned and bejeweled.  There are Moroccans in silk robes.  Turks wearing fezzes.  Levantines.  Naval officers.  Members of the Foreign Legion, distinguished by their kepis. Two men sit at a table.", "WOMAN": "All right. On to another table where two", "MOOR": "I'm sorry, Madame, but diamonds are a drug on the market.  Everybody sells diamonds.  There are diamonds everywhere.  Two thousand, four hundred.", "CONSPIRATOR": "The trucks are waiting, the men are waiting.  Everything is... He stops abruptly as two German officers walk by. A", "MAN": "(to Carl) Perhaps if you told him I ran the second largest banking house in Amsterdam.", "REFUGEE": "Thank you, oh, thank you.", "CARL": "Yes, sir.", "ABDUL": "This gentleman -- The German interrupts and waves his card.", "FIRST WOMAN": "Will you ask Rick if he'll have a drink with us?", "SECOND WOMAN": "(disappointedly) What makes saloon-keepers so snobbish?", "GERMAN": "This is outrageous. I shall report it to the Angriff! The German storms off, tossing the pieces of his card into the air behind him. Rick meets Ugarte on his way back to his table.", "RICK": "Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. The two walk off together into the night.", "UGARTE": "Rick! Rick! We move to Strasser's table, who has witnessed the event.", "WAITER": "(to Laszlo) Your check, sir. Rick takes the check.", "FERRARI": "I shall remember to pay it... to myself. Rick leaves.  Ferrari picks up a fly swatter from the table and swats at a fly.", "SAM": "No, Mr. Richard.  I can't find her. She checked out of the hotel.  But this note came just after you left. Sam pulls an envelope from his pocket. Rick grabs it, opens it, and stares down at the letter.", "SACHA": "Boss, you've done a beautiful thing. He kisses Rick on both cheeks.", "YVONNE": "Vive La France! Vive la democracie!", "EMIL": "Very well, sir.", "AIDE": "-- Major Strasser is here, sir. Renault starts to leave.", "GENDARME": "Oui, mon Capitaine. The gendarmes take Strasser's body away and then drive off. Renault walks inside the hangar, picks up a bottle of Vichy water, and opens it.", "CASHIER.": "", "CASHIER": "Two thousand.", "CUSTOMER": "When they come to get me, Rick, I hope you'll be more of a help.", "HEADWAITER": "(to Ilsa and Laszlo) Yes, sir.  Right this way, if you please.", "LASZLO": "Are you ready Ilsa?", "ILSA": "Yes, I'm ready. (to Rick) Goodbye, Rick.  God bless you.", "BERGER": "Er, yes. Excuse me, gentlemen.", "INSERT LETTER": "Richard, I cannot go with you or ever see you again.  You must not ask why.  Just believe that I love you.  Go, my darling, and God bless you. Ilsa", "OFFICER": "(saluting) Zu Befehl, Herr Major. The officer exits and Strasser resumes on the telephone.", "NATIVE": "It can be most helpful to know Signor Ferrari.  He pretty near has a monopoly on the black market here.  You will find him over there at the Blue Parrot.", "FRENCHMAN": "Thanks.", "JAN": "We'll be there at six.", "ARAB": "Please, one minute.  Wait! The Arab hurriedly exits. Ilsa pretends to examine the goods on the counter.", "TOURIST": "Er, goodbye, sir.", "GERMAN OFFICER": "I will make it my business! They begin to fight.", "FRENCH OFFICER": "Captain Renault will discuss that with you later.", "MR. LEUCHTAG": "Liebchen, uh, sweetness heart, what watch? She glances at her wristwatch.", "MRS. LEUCHTAG": "Ten watch.", "CROUPIER": "Your winnings, sir.", "CROWD": "Vive La France! Vive la democracie! People clap and cheer. Strasser is very angry.  He strides across the floor toward Renault who is standing at the bar.", "CLOSED": "By Order of the Prefect of Police", "ORDERLY": "Yes, sir.  This way please. The orderly escorts Laszlo off in the direction of the plane. Rick takes the letters of transit out of his pocket and hands them to Renault, who turns and walks toward the hangar."}, "Cleopatra.pdf": {"His ambition:": "as emperor and god. The Roman world, to begin with. And what stands in his way? - You and"}, "dark-knight.php": {"BLACK SCREEN.": "", "GORDON (V.O)": "Harvey Dent was needed. He was everything Gotham has been crying out for. He was...a hero. Not the hero we deserved - the hero we needed. Nothing less than a knight, shining...", "GORDON": "They know. (Off look.) It was Batman. 160.  ", "CUT TO:": "", "DRIVER": "Oh yeah. You're that cop -", "CIA MAN": "Well congratulations, you got yourselves caught. What's the next step of your master plan? ", "DR. PAVEL": "Only me.", "(SHAKEN)": "They are not my friends.", "(EXCITED)": "Then he's as dumb as he dresses - close it down, gentlemen! 58.  ", "THIRD PRISONER": "We are nothing. We are the dirt beneath your feet. And no one cared who I was until I put on the Page 4/169", "BANE": "You'll have to imagine the fire -  He shuts the gun - jams it into Batman's face. We both know I need to kill you now. He squeezes the trigger.", "(FASCINATED)": "If I pull this off, will you die?", "(UNNERVED)": "Was being caught part of your plan?", "SERGEANT": "Sir? ", "(RISING)": "Mr. Fox, are you aware that John Daggett is trying to acquire shares in Wayne Enterprises? ", "(NODS)": "The fire rises. Hooded Man 2 hands Bane his line. Bane clips it around Dr. Pavel, takes out a knife and cuts Dr. Pavel's seat belt. Dr. Pavel panics, flails. Bane takes his arms. Gentle. ", "MAYOR (V.O.)": "Harvey Dent's uncompromising stand against organized crime and, yes, ultimately, his sacrifice, have made Gotham a safer place than it was at the time of his death, eight years ago...", "MAYOR": "A training exercise, that's all. If you'll excuse me, I've got tickets to watch our boys thrash Rapid City. The Mayor heads into the stadium with the crowds... ", "MAYOR (O.S)": "But I'll let him tell you himself - Commissioner Gordon? Page 10/169", "CONGRESSMAN": "", "FOLEY": "There's only one police in this city. He steps forward. The line follows.  ", "MAID": "Can I have a ride? The Congressman, a little tipsy, looks at her hungrily.", "ALFRED": "Si, Fernet Branca, per cortesia.  ", "MIRANDA": "I am. Miranda has a knife through Batman's suit, into his ribs... And though I am not 'ordinary', I am a citizen...  She pulls out the trigger...", "DAGGETT": "You are true evil... ", "WAYNE": "Could you block it?", "(SHRUGS)": "You asked. Catwoman jumps down. Batman follows. Catwoman leads him down into a service tunnel...  ", "BLAKE": "Try my legal name.  The Clerk glances at the license. Checks.", "GORDON (O.S.)": "We don't have any choice.  Gordon and Blake emerge from the back of the room.", "HEIST.": "", "(BITTER)": "I did find someone, Alfred. 20.  ", "DWP MAN": "They wash up a couple times a month. More when in gets colder - homeless sheltering in the tunnels. We had to pull him to clear the basin, but other than that we didn't touch him...", "ROSS": "What? ", "FATHER REILLY": "Blake, they need to make their peace. Blake turns to him, furious. ", "MARK": "More than you can find up here, I guess. Blake considers this. Troubled.  ", "STRYVER": "Has anyone made it? The Blackgate Inmate turns away. Stryver is forced onto the ice. He shuffles forward, listening to the creaking... Stryver is a hundred yards out when the river swallows him.  ", "SELINA": "Get your powerful friend on the case. ", "JEN": "'Storm's coming', remember? This is what you wanted. ", "SWAT": "Where -?", "(WEAK)": "Call me?  ", "(INTO RADIO)": "Get Commissioner Gordon. Tell him I've got a line on the Congressman's kidnapping.  Blake pulls out to follow. ", "COP": "To do what?", "(MORE)": "149. ", "BLAKE (CONT'D)": "We were so excited - Bruce Wayne, billionaire orphan. We made up stories about you. Legends. The other boys' stories were just that. But when I saw you I knew who you really were... (Beat.) I'd seen", "(LIGHTS UP)": "One or two.", "MIRANDA (V.O.)": "Mr. Fox, I believe in what Mr. Wayne was trying to do...  ", "FOX": "", "DOCTOR": "No, that's because there is no cartilage in your knee. And not much of any use in your elbows and shoulders. Between that and the scar tissue on your kidneys, residual concussive damage to your", "JEN (O.S.)": "I told you, money first.", "YUPPIE (O.S.)": "Goddammit, you took my wallet! ", "YUPPIE": "She took my wallet! Selina twists his arm behind him in a blinding move.", "YOUNG WOMAN": "Watch? Selina opens her hand and gives Jen the Yuppie's Rolex.  ", "PAPARAZZI": "Another stiff too old to climb out of his sports car.", "GREETER": "Right through here, Mr. Wayne... 41.  ", "MIRANDA (O.S)": "But he is not the child of R\u00af's al A Gh\u00afl... U Batman flinches, frozen as Miranda leans into his ear... 147.", "RICH TWIT": "", "(ANNOYED)": "Who do you want to catch? Some robber, or the son-of-a-bitch who killed Harvey Dent? ", "VALET": "Your wife said you were taking a cab home, sir.  Page 47/169", "ALFRED (CONT'D)": "Don't worry, Master Wayne. Takes a little time to get back into the swing of things. Wayne dials his phone.", "FOX (O.S.)": "Wayne Enterprises. Lucius Fox is there, with Miranda Tate. ", "(GRITTED TEETH)": "You're welcome to try it, Alfred.", "A U": " ", "A": "Gh\u00afl... U Batman flinches, frozen as Miranda leans into his ear... 147.  ", "U": "Batman flinches, frozen as Miranda leans into his ear... 147.  ", "CONSTRUCTION WORKER": "Where can I move it?! ", "SECURITY CHIEF": "If you don't shut these guys down, the stuffing in that mattress might be worth a whole lot less, pal.", "MONEY -": "", "ALLEN": "Get the barriers up - no more in and out on this street! Steel wedge-shaped barriers rise up at the mouth of the street. A Sniper watches the doors through a thermal scope. Page 54/169", "SHOESHINE MAN": "Eight minutes. 52.  ", "SNIPER": "I've got something - The door explodes. SWATs duck, six sportbikes race out and leap the ramp-like barricades, sending SWATs scattering. Cops scramble to pull their vehicles out to give chase. ", "ROOKIE COP": "The hell was that?!", "VETERAN COP": "You might have the wrong animal there, sir -  Spotlights smash on and a massive dark cyclone roars out of the alley, spinning the choppers sideways, dual rotor downdraft forcing all the cops to the ground.", "SPOTTER": "", "(OVER RADIO)": "Can they?  Talia smiles. ", "TV ANNOUNCER": "People aren't saying much - frankly, they're too busy - but all signs suggest that what we're", "CATWOMAN": "I guess we're both suckers. She puts her arms around his neck. Kisses him. Batman moves to the Bat, Gordon alongside. ", "BATMAN": "And you were right.", "APPLICATION COMPLETE": " Blinding light and noise as police choppers descend - sirens everywhere. Batman grabs the", "POLICE VOICE": "", "(OVER LOUDSPEAKER)": "", "ANNOUNCER": "", "(ON TV)": "Police are keeping quiet about the prospect of a return by the Batman, but eyewitness accounts seem the clearly suggests the type of... 59. ", "(GRINS)": "How do you think I got it?", "CATWOMAN (O.S.)": "Careful what you wish for. Catwoman grabs him, throws him across the room. His back slams against the wall - he draws a gun, but -", "VOICE (O.S.)": "There's been no mistake, Mr. Stryver.  Stryver turns to look at the", "(QUIET)": "That you should be as afraid of him as I am. 89.  ", "FREDERICKS": "No. I volunteer. The dignified older board member gets to his feet. Mercernaries round the three up. ", "REPORTER": "We're seeing literally thousands of police heading into the sewers -", "COMPANY VALET": "I'm sorry, sir, they had paperwork -  Wayne looks over to see his Lamborghini being towed.", "BLAKE (O.S.)": "Looks like you need a lift. Wayne turns to see Blake standing by his patrol car. Nods. 74.  Page 76/169", "BANE (O.S.)": "...and rebuilding it the way it should have been rebuilt generations ago...  ", "(TO STRYVER)": "Leave us. 75.   Page 77/169", "SCENE OMITTED": "76.  ", "(THINKS)": "You know what? Drop me in Old Town... ", "WAYNE (O.S.)": "Pretty generous, for a thief. Selina recognizes the voice. Turns to find Wayne - strong, but weathered. Beard, work clothes. 133.  ", "(SHAKES HEAD)": "The rich don't even go broke same as the rest of us, huh? 78.  ", "(TO FOLEY)": "Where did you get to with the tunnel searches?", "(TO BLAKE)": "Remind me to tell the detail to keep hotheads out. (To Gordon.) We've had teams down there, but it's a huge network -", "(SHEEPISH)": "I think my power's been shut off. ", "MERCENARY": "The truck's under attack - Talia looks around, mind racing.", "(SPINS)": "Who? Batman hangs upside down behind him. ", "BATMAN (O.S.)": "Light it up. 139.   Gordon, energized by the familiar voice, lights the flare - jams it into the liquid, sending a trail of", "HIGH.": "...or your body. Bane brings Batman down onto his knee,", "FADE IN:": " ", "UNIFORM": "Get down! We're blowing the bridge! As Blake looks, disbelieving, the bridge in front of him blasts upwards in a massive fireball. Blake dives backwards. 153.  ", "(SCATHING)": "You're a torturer...", "GUARD": "We're locking her up in here?", "WARDEN": "She'll be just fine.  ", "HUGE INMATE": "Little closer, baby...", "(GRAVE)": "This time...he might not be coming back. Gordon takes this in...Foley bursts in, agitated. ", "SERIOUSLY -": "", "PRISONER": "Supplies for your journey? Prisoners nearby laugh. Wayne moves to the cliff face. The Prisoner follows, intrigued by Wayne's new demeanor. The Tattooed Prisoner offers him the rope. Wayne refuses. Starts to climb. Prisoners gather around as word spreads. Wayne makes his way cautiously up the treacherous rock face. Down", "Above:": "leap from the rest of the climb... The chanting peaks as Strong Man leaps...misses...falls. The rope catches - he swings into the rock face. Prisoners fall silent as Strong Man is lowered, broken, bloody, to the prison floor. ", "(HORRIFIED)": "You can't. This is the only power source capable of sustaning it - if you move it, the core will decay in a matter of months.", "WORKER": "Boss is about to leave. Blake walks past cement mixers. Spots someone. A Driver. ", "EXPLODES...": "101.   The Receiver, nearing the touchdown, glances back - sees Armageddon - the entire field is now a smoking mass of rubble, but for one strip of turf...Mercenaries pour out of", "(REALIZES)": "Not every cop...  Blake pulls the shotgun from his cruiser - flags down a car. 102.  ", "ANALYST": "Satellite shows a radiation spike... ", "GENERAL": "Pull back the fighters, start high-level reconnaissance flights. And get the President on the line.  ", "LEAD MERCENARY": "If people start crossing this bridge Gotham gets blown to hell. The Captain considers this. Troubled.  ", "CAPTAIN": "Why in the hell would we help you keep your hostages?", "PRESIDENT": "", "(OVER TV)": "We do not negotiate with terrorists, but we do recognize realities... Wayne starts to cry.  ", "MAN -": "", "BANE (CONT'D)": "But start by storming Blackgate and freeing the oppressed... Step forward, those who would serve...  Bane's men surge through the burning gates... ", "BANE (V.O.)": "Gotham will survive. Mercenaries load the core into the back of a black truck. ", "CAPTAIN JONES": "I'll die before I talk...", "GORDON (V.O.)": "", "FREQUENCIES -": "", "MERCERNARY": "The people of Gotham.  Blake, from his vantage point, watches Gordon, Miranda and the other Cops being rounded up and led away... ", "BLIND PRISONER": "As the child did. Without the rope. (Dry laugh.) Then fear will find you again. Wayne considers this. 127. ", "(CRACKED ENGLISH)": "You do not fear death. You think this makes you strong. This makes you weak.", "SKINNY PRISONER": "Shouldn't you get him down? The Prisoner glances up at Wayne, disdainful. 126.  ", "CRANE": "Very well... Death... (Smiles.) By exile.  He smashes his gavel. Bane leans in to one of his men, indicates Miranda.", "(SMASHES GAVEL)": "Sold...to the man in the cold sweat! Mercenaries pull Stryver from the dock... Page 132/169", "BLACKGATE INMATE": "Follow the tick ice. Try to swim - you're dead in minutes.", "FOLEY'S WIFE": "Honey, take a look! Foley moves to a back window. Sees the flaming sign.  ", "GANGBANGER": "You steal from us, you little bastard? They grab the Kid's backpack, the Gangbanger pulls out an apple, moves to hit the Kid when -", "(TO FOX)": "Tonight I need you.", "LUCIUS": "I think it's time to talk about my year-end bonus...  ", "BAT...": " ", "FOLEY'S KIDS": "Dad! Check it out! ", "VOICE": "", "UPON.": "The Cops look shaky, pale, but determined. 144.  ", "(CONFUSED)": "Check the user ident on the patch...  Tech 2 types some more keys. Looks surprised.", "CLIMB -": "", "MIRANDA/TALIA": "My mother named me Talia before she was killed. The way I would've been killed if not for my protector...Bane. ", "TALIA": "There is no way to stop this bomb. Prepare yourselves... (Looks up at Batman.) My father's work is done.  Talia smiles as her eyes flutter closed. Gordon turns - Batman is at the core, plunging his hands into the heat to", "TALIA (V.O.)": "But my father could not accept Bane. R\u00af's al Gh\u00afl watches Bane training. Turns away. Page 152/169", "TALIA (CONT'D)": "knife that waits years without forgetting, then slips quietly between bones...that's the knife - Talia arms the trigger... - that cuts deepest. She hits the button - nothing.", "(PULLS BADGE)": "Blake,", "REACTOR -": "152.  ", "PRAYING -": "", "TUMBLER DRIVER": "", "GRAND -": "", "LITTLE BOY": "No. That's Batman! Blake turns to see the Bat thundering out of the heart of Gotham, trailing smoke, the core hanging from it. It curves dangerously close to the bridge before heading for the mouth of the river...the bay...the ocean... Until a point of light fires into an enormous nuclear", "VOICE (V.O.)": "Mr. Wayne's will was not amended to reflect his more modest estate...  ", "LAWYER": "Well, they'd better leave no stone unturned... We can't just put a string of pearls on the manifest as 'lost'.  ", "SOLD -": "He glances up to see someone slip into the room - Blake.  ", "LAWYER (V.O.)": "And that they shall be used for one purpose, and one purpose only... A schoolbus pulls up. Father Reilly shepherds children towards the house. The children look up at the house, wide-eyed. The housing and care of the city's", "WITH -": "161.  ", "CLERK": "No, not yet.", "(CHECKS LIST)": "Nothing here. Blake realizes, offers her his driving license.", "WAITER": "Lei e solo? ", "CREDITS.": ""}, "E.T.pdf": {"\"E.T.\"": "   Commentary by Richard Michaels  ", "INTERCUT: DRIVEWAY": " Mike continues to back the car down the driveway. He overshoots the edge and goes out into the street. He then pulls forward across the sidewalk. ", "INTERCUT: KITCHEN": "", "INTERCUT: CLASSROOM": " The teacher continues his instructions, telling the students that the scalpel is very sharp, and that they should use discretion when cutting. There should be very little blood, and maybe a little body fluids. ", "INTERCUT: SCHOOL": " The children's hands poke through the windows and free the frogs by throwing them out onto the grass.  [Elliott was able to accomplish his objective of freeing the frogs. This sequence was structured to run in parallel in order to emphasize the", "INTERCUT: LIVINGROOM": "", "PHONE.\"": "", "E.T.": " \"Come,\" says", "E.T.\"": " [Elliott states his primary", "CLOSEUP": " The man with keys jangling on his side is putting on a pair of light-blue pants. ", "INTERCUT: STREET": " Men are working outside. Large bright lights flood the area. ", "U.S. GOVERNMENT": "", "GSA": " The shadow of a shotgun covers the sign. Next, two shotguns are raised against"}, "fiddler on the roof.pdf": {"RABBI": "(Rises, as noise subsides) I say \u0085 I say \u0085 Let\u0092s sit down. (Sits) I say \u0085 I say Dancing \u0085 Well, it\u0092s not exactly forbidden, but Really? Mazeltov. There is a blessing for everything. (Prays) Amen. We\u0092ll have to wait for him someplace else. Meanwhile, let\u0092s start packing. 11. The Dream .................................137 31. Anatevka....................................167", "GRANDMA TZEITEL": " 11. The Dream ...................................46 31. Anatevka......................................93 11. The Dream .................................137 31. Anatevka....................................167", "FRUMA-SARAH": " 11. The Dream .................................137 31. Anatevka....................................167", "CONSTABLE": "You have three days!", "FYEDKA": " (Calmly) All right, stop it! Just stop it. Goodbye, Sasha Yes. I\u0092d like to talk to you. I\u0092ve often noticed you at the bookseller\u0092s. Not many girls in this village like to read (Sudden thought \u0085 extends book Why. Because I\u0092m not Jewish? Do you feel about us the way they feel about you? I didn\u0092t think you would Let me tell you about myself. I\u0092m a pleasant fellow, charming, honest, ambitious, quite bright, and very modest. I often do things I shouldn\u0092t \u0085 Go ahead, take the book \u0085 It\u0092s by Heinrich Heine. Happens to be Jewish, I believe. You\u0092re quite right. good. After you return it, I\u0092ll ask you how you like it, and we\u0092ll talk about it for awhile, then we\u0092ll talk about Life, how we feel about things, and it can all turn out quite pleasant. No, thank you. (Starts out) Good day, Chava. I came for the shirt. I see. I see. Congratulations. (After another awkward moment) Good day. (Exits) Chava, let me talk to your father. Let me try. (Extending hand) Good afternoon. (Looks at We cannot stay among people who can do such things to others. Yes, we are also moving. Some are driven away by edicts \u0085 others by silence Come, Chava.", "THE FIDDLER": "", "VILLAGERS": "", "SCENES": "", "ACT ONE": "", "PROLOGUE": " ", "ACT TWO": "", "TZEITEL": "1. Prologue\u0097Tradition ........................1 3. Matchmaker.....................................9 31. Anatevka......................................93 Mama, you know that Papa works hard. Why does she have to come now? It\u0092s almost Sabbath. But Mama, the men she finds. The last one was so old and he was bald. He bad no hair. After all, Mama, I\u0092m not yet twenty years old and Oh, Motel, I thought I heard you. What did she want, mama? I\u0092m not anxious for Yente to find me a husband. I didn\u0092t ask you. Oh, Yente \u0085 Yente #3 \u0097 Matchmaker (Hodel, Chava, Tzeitel) (To Because you\u0092re a girl from a poor family. So whatever Yente sbrings, you\u0092ll take. Right? Of course, right. (Sings) Good Sabbath. Motel can help me. Motel, Yente was here. If they agree on someone there will be a match and then it will be too late for us. But Motel, a few weeks may be too late. You could ask my father for my hand tonight. Now! And I\u0092m only the daughter of a poor milkman. Just talk to him. Motel! Motel, even a poor tailor is entitled to some happiness. Will you talk to him? Will you talk to him? What do you mean, Papa? (Bewildered) The butcher? Yes, Papa. (Bursts into tears) Oh, Papa, Papa Papa, I don I t want to marry him. I can I t marry him. I can\u0092t Papa, if it\u0092s a matter of money, I\u0092ll do anything. I\u0092ll hire myself out as a servant. I\u0092ll dig ditches, I\u0092ll haul rocks, only don\u0092t make me marry him, Papa, please. Papa, I will be unhappy with him. All my life will be unhappy. I\u0092ll dig ditches, I\u0092ll haul rocks. Is that more important than I am, Papa? Papa, don\u0092t force me. I\u0092ll be unhappy all my days. Oh, thank you, Papa. At least listen to him, Papa. Yes, Papa, we gave each other our pledge. Thank you, Papa. Thank you, Papa. Motel, you were wonderful! You saw Chava with Fyedka? Hodel will be so happy, she\u0092s been waiting \u0085 But it\u0092s open. You got it! It\u0092s beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Rabbi, is there a blessing for a sewing machine? He\u0092s wonderful, Mama. See, it\u0092s my new sewing machine. We\u0092ll be staying in Warsaw until we have enough money to join you. Come, children (To Almost, Papa. He will not listen. Maybe it would be better if I went inside and told Mama that Goodbye, Chava, Fyedka. God be with you! Goodbye, Papa. 1. Prologue\u0097Tradition.....................104 3. Matchmaker .................................111 31. Anatevka....................................167", "HODEL": "1. Prologue\u0097Tradition ........................1 3. Matchmaker.....................................9 14. Sunrise, Sunset............................57 22. Now I Have Everything ...............69 26. Far from the Home I Love She\u0092s in the barn, milking. Maybe she\u0092s a finally found a good match for you, Tzeitel. I wonder if Yente found a husband for you? So if Yente brings Well, somebody has to arrange the matches. Young people can\u0092t decide these things for themselves. Someone interesting And important  Why not? We only have one Rabbi and be only has one son. Why shouldn\u0092t I want the best?  I heard once, the Rabbi who must praise himself has a congregation of one. No, Mama. That was a very interesting lesson, Perchik. Although I don\u0092t know if the Rabbi would agree with your interpretation. (Looking at At least I know this be does not have any strange ideas about turning the world upside down. Thank you. We have an old custom here. A boy acts respectfully to a girl. But, of course, that is too traditional for an advanced thinker like you. We like our ways. I am looking at you! It\u0092s very nice. Yes, well, you\u0092re welcome \u0097 I mean, thank you \u0097 I mean good day Hodel, Papa. She\u0092s in the barn.  It\u0092s only a dance, mama. No, Perchik! (During this Why should I be upset? If you must leave, you must. So you told me. Then goodbye. So naturally you feel that you personally have to I understand, of course. You want to leave. Then goodbye. Yes, I \u0085 I suppose I do. Yes? What is it? This is a political question? And affection And affection Yes. I think you are asking me to marry you. I was hoping you were. So am I  And when will we be married, Perchik? But it will be less hard \u0085 if we live it together. Yes, Papa, we\u0092re engaged. Please, Papa, you don\u0092 t understand. You don\u0092t understand, Papa. But we would like your blessing, Papa. #23 \u0097 Tevye's Rebuttal (Tevye) He is not abandoning me, Papa. Oh, thank you, Papa. You don\u0092 t know how happy that makes me. You don\u0092t have to wait for the train, Papa. You\u0092ll be late for your customers. Yes, but he did nothing wrong. He cares nothing for himself, everything he does is for humanity. Papa, how can you say that? What wrongs did Joseph do, and Abraham, and Moses? And they had troubles. It is far, Papa, terribly far \u0085 He is in a settlement in Siberia. No, Papa, he did not ask me to go. I want to go. #26 \u0097 Far From The Home I Love (Hodel) Papa (Sings) Papa, I promise you, we will be married under a canopy. Papa, God alone knows when we shall see each other again. 1. Prologue\u0097Tradition.....................104 3. Matchmaker .................................111 14. Sunrise, Sunset ..........................146 22. Now I Have Everything .............151 26. Far from the Home I Love...........162CHAVA 1. Prologue\u0097Tradition.....................104", "SHPRINTZE": "Where will we live in America? 1. Prologue\u0097Tradition.....................104 31. Anatevka....................................167", "BIELKE": "Yes, Perchik. (Childishly, swinging around with 1. Prologue\u0097Tradition.....................104 31. Anatevka....................................167", "MENDEL": "25. The Rumor...................................76 31. Anatevka......................................93 Rabbi, may I ask you a question? Is there a proper blessing for the tsar? Tevye, you didn\u0092t bring the Rabbi\u0092s order. What does it say? For what reason? (To Excuse me, You\u0092re not from this village. And where are you from? Tevye, the Rabbi\u0092s order. My cheese! Moses said that. That was also Moses. And the cheese! And who will make this miracle come to pass? Like you? Nonsense! A radical! Where does the book say that? Good Sabbath. What are you doing here so early? Not now, Lazar, in the middle of a wedding. Reb Lazar, don\u0092t shame Reb Tevye at his daughter\u0092s wedding. Shah \u0085 shah \u0085 quiet, the Rabbi. The Rabbi, the Rabbi. Rabbi, say something. A young girl decides for herself? He\u0092s a radical! That\u0092s a sin! She\u0092s dancing with a man. Rabbi \u0085 Rabbi   Mazeltov. Rabbi, we\u0092ve been waiting for the Messiah all our lives. Wouldn\u0092t this be a good time for him to come? A A People who Pass through Anatevka don\u0092t even know they\u0092ve been here. Our forefathers have been forced out of many, many places at a moment\u0092s notice 25. The Rumor .................................158 31. Anatevka....................................167", "TEVYE": "(To \u0093We will be staying with Uncle Abram. We will be staying with Uncle Abram.\u0094 The whole world has to know our business. We have to catch a train, and a boat. Bielke, Shprintze, put the bundles on the wagon Work hard, Motel. Come to us soon. Come, children. Golde, we can leave these pots. All right,we\u0092ll take them. (Slams them down)", "CHORUS": "", "ALL": "      Amen. Amen. Who? \u0085 Who? Mazeltov \u0085 wonderful \u0085 congratulations, etc. (Sing)   No. (Outside) No! (Inside) Mazeltov, Motel. We just heard about your sister \u0085 Mazeltov, Chava \u0085 Mazeltov, Chava. Shah \u0085 shah \u0085 quiet \u0085 Reb Mordcha \u0085 shah \u0085 shah. Amen Amen Mazeltov! Mazeltov, Motel \u0085 we just heard \u0085 congratulations \u0085 wonderful, etc. Three days. Out in three days, etc. ", "SONS": " ", "DAUGHTERS": "", "PAPAS": "", "THE PAPAS.": "", "MAMAS": "", "THE MAMAS.": "", "THE SONS.": "", "THE DAUGHTERS.": "", "TRADITION": "(To them) Very well, children, you have my blessing and my permission.", "YENTE": "Maybe next time, Golde, we will meet on happier occasions. Meanwhile, we suffer, we suffer, we suffer in silence! Right? Of course, right.", "AVRAM": "A", "BEGGAR": "Alms for the poor, alms for the poor One kopek? Last week you gave me two kopeks. So, if you had a bad week, why should I suffer?", "LAZAR": "A  Well, Tevye, I\u0092m on my way. Chicago. In America. My wife, Fruma-Sarah, may she rest in peace, has a brother there. I hate him, but a relative is a relative! (Embrace) Goodbye, Tevye.", "GOLDE": "Chava! We will be staying with Uncle Abram. Stop yelling and finish packing. We have a train to catch. Goodbye, Motel. No, we can\u0092t. (Sharply) Stop that! Behave yourself! We\u0092re not in America yet!", "CHAVA": "Yes, Mama. Not unless it\u0092s Motel, the tailor. And then after her, one for me. She might bring someone wonderful And well-off   Of course. Thank \u0085 thank you very much Please may I pass. Don\u0092t they? I\u0092d rather not. No, thank you. I don It think we should be talking this way. That doesn\u0092t matter. No, it\u0092s mine. Good day. Good day, Fyedka. I will, but I\u0092m afraid. No, that would be the worst thing, I\u0092m sure of it. Nothing, we were just talking. Papa, Fyedka and I have known each other for a long time now and He has a name, Papa. Fyedka is not a creature, Papa. Fyedka is a man. The world is changing, Papa. Fyedka and I \u0085 We want to be married. But, Papa Yes, Papa. I understand you. Papa \u0085 I want to talk with you. \u0085 Papa, stop. \u0085 At least listen to me \u0085 Papa, I beg you to accept us. Papa \u0085 Papa I want him to. I want to say goodbye to him. But at least he will hear. Papa, we came to say goodbye. We wanted you to know that. Goodbye, Papa, Mama. We will write to you in America. If you like. Yes, Mama.", "MOTEL": "(Entering from door There\u0092s something I\u0092d like to tell her. (Exiting I saw her. Don\u0092 t worry Tzeitel. I have found someone who will sell me his used sewing machine, so in a few weeks I\u0092ll have saved up enough to buy it and then your Father will be impressed with me. But what else can we do? Why should he consider me now? I\u0092m only a poor tailor? Tzeitel, if your father says no, that\u0092s it, it\u0092s final \u0085 He\u0092ll yell at me. That\u0092s true. All right, I\u0092ll talk to him. Reb Tevye Reb Tevye (Repeats, summoning courage) Good Sabbath, Reb Tevye. I would like to speak to you. That\u0092s what I want to speak to you about. I think I can help. Reb Tevye, I hear you are arranging a match for Tzeitel. I have a match for Tzeitel. A perfect fit. Like a glove. This match was made exactly to measure. Please, don\u0092t shout at me. Who is it? Who is it? It\u0092s me \u0085 myself. Please don\u0092t shout at me, Rob Tevye As for being my own matchmaker \u0097 I know it\u0092s a little unusual. That\u0092s true, Reb Tevye, but even a poor tailor is entitled to some happiness. I promise you, Reb Tevye, your daughter will not starve. Reb Tevye, you won\u0092t be sorry. It was a miracle! it was a miracle. #10 \u0097 Miracle Of Miracles (Motel) Yussel, do you have a wedding hat for me? I got his bride, I can get his hat! Chava, can you watch the shop for a few minutes? I\u0092ll be back soon. Thank you, Chava. Oh, Fyedka! \u0097 Can I do something for you? Oh, you forgot your book. Thank you, Chava. Thank you, thank you very much I got it! I know! (Holds up two different-colored pieces or cloth sewn together) Look. I know. And in less than a minute. And see how close and even the stitches are. I know. From now on, my clothes will be perfect, made by machine \u0085 No more handmade clothes. Look, Rabbi, my new sewing machine. Good afternoon, Fyedka. It\u0092s ready. Thank you. Good day. See, it\u0092s an amazing thing, you work it with your foot and your hand. With Uncle Abram, but he doesn\u0092t know it yet. Goodbye, Mama. I will, Reb Tevye. I\u0092ll work hard.", "MATCHMAKER, MATCHMAKER": "", "(TZEITEL)": "", "I MISUNDERSTOOD": "", "DEAR YENTE": "", "REMEMBER": "", "I\u0092M SENTIMENTAL": "", "(ALL)": "", "SO": "", "DIMOUT": "  Act 1 Scene 6     ", "(TEVYE)": "I\u0092m not really complaining \u0097 after all, with your help, I\u0092m starving to death. You made many, many poor people. I realize, of course, that it\u0092s no shame to be poor, but it\u0092 s no great honor either. So what would have been so terrible if I had a small fortune? I On the other hand, not everybody has to be a scholar? If you\u0092re wealthy enough, no one will call you stupid \u0085 And with a butcher, my daughter will surely never know hunger. s Of course, he has a problem \u0097 he\u0092s much older than her. That\u0092s her problem. But she\u0092s younger. That\u0092s his problem. I always thought of him as a butcher, but I misjudged him. He is a good man, he likes her, he will try to make her happy. (Turns to In the beginning I dreamt that we were having a celebration of some kind Everybody we knew was there \u0085  and musicians too (As I like him. He is a little crazy but I like him. And what\u0092s more important, Hodel likes him. Hodel loves him. So what can we do? It\u0092s a new world, a new world. Love. Golde (Sings) \u0153 \u0096\u0153 \u0096\u0153\u0096\u0153 \u0096 May God bless you \u0153\u02d9\u0153 way of con -24 \u0153 \u0153 # \u02d9 fus - ing us,25(LAZAR) \u0153\u02d9\u0153 Bless - ing and26 \u0153\u0153 \u0153 Is this the6 \u0153\u0153\u0153 n \u0153 lit - tle girl \u0153\u0153 \u0153 What words of72 \u0153\u0153\u0153 n \u0153 wis - dom can", "INNKEEPER": "Quiet, I\u0092m singing Musicians, play \u0085 a dance, a dance (Music starts, but no one dances) Come on, dance \u0085 It\u0092s a wedding. #16 \u0097 Wedding Scene\u0097#1 (Orchestra) A new arrival at Motel and Tzeitel\u0092s? I must congratulate him. The Rabbi, the Rabbi. We should get together with the people of Zolodin. Maybe they have a plan. I have more than a hundred bottles of vodka. What will I do with them?", "PERCHIK": "Thank you, Papa. Perhaps if you tell her something \u0085 that I am going to visit a rich uncle, something like that.", "CHILDREN": "(Running to him) Good Sabbath, Papa.", "TEVYE.": "This is also mine. Golde, this is Perchik, from Kiev, and he is staying the Sabbath with us. He is a teacher. (To ", "(GOLDE)": "(To \u0153 \u0096\u0153 \u0096\u0153\u0096\u0153 \u0096 May God bless you", "BOTH": "", "AMEN.": "#5a \u0097 Change of Scene (Orchestra)", "RUSSIAN": "Good evening, Innkeeper. We\u0092d like a drink. Sit down, Fyedka.  Tevye is marrying off his oldest daughter.", "RUSSIAN (FYEDKA)": "Vodka.", "(LAZAR)": "A milk cow! So I won\u0092t be lonesome!", "MY WIFE,": "", "TO TEVYE": "", "MY WIFE": "", "ZACHAVA ZDAROVIA": "  ", "OTHER RUSSIANS": "", "BLACKOUT": " ", "UNTHINKABLE.": " ", "IN MOSCOW?": "", "IN PARIS?": "", "AMERICA?": "", "KING SOLOMON?": "", "SO HOPEFUL.": "(Spoken) Tradition. (To audience) Aaah! Well, children, when shall we make the wedding?", "(MOTEL)": "(Sings) ", "GOLDE\u0092S VOICE": "Tevye, wake up! (Lights slowly go up, as", "TEVYE\u0092S VOICE": "Help!. Help! Help!", "GRANDMA": "A   A   I  A ", "MAZELTOV, MAZELTOV": "       ", "SOLO VOICES": "", "SURE?": "", "WHY NOT?": "", "FRUMA-SARAH, FRUMA-SARAH": "", "WOMAN\u0092S FEELINGS?": "", "TOTAL STRANGER.": "", "PEARLS": "", "DAUGHTER\u0092S MARRIAGE": " ", "AND": "", "SLOW BLACKOUT": "", "MAN": "Fish \u0097 Fresh fish!", "WOMAN": "(To Oh, excuse me, Shaindel. Mazeltov. Shaindel, where are you running?", "GROUP": "", "SHAINDEL": "What\u0092s wrong with my son, Motel? Golde! (As To my boy, Motel. There\u0092s a new arrival there.", "YUSSEL": "Lazar Wolf ordered a hat but it\u0092s not cheap. Then come, Motel, come. Come, Motel. I\u0092ll show you.", "RUSSIANS": "(Mockingly, imitating others, slight mispronunciation) Mazeltov, Chava \u0085 Mazeltov, Chava", "SASHA": "Why? We\u0092re congratulating you. What\u0092s wrong with you? Now listen here, Fyedka", "BOYS": "", "SUNRISE, SUNSET": "", "GIRLS": "", "(INNKEEPER)": "(There are sobs from the", "AVRAM.": "What\u0092s he doing?", "MODEL": "Then goodbye, Perchik.", "(PERCHIK)": "I \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 I used to tell my - self4\u2030j\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 That I had ev -\u0092ry - thing, &#5\u2030j\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 But that was on - ly half6w true.7\u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153", "OTHERS": "Amen. Mazeltov, etc. Stay in our homes \u0085 refuse to leave \u0085 keep our land.", "REMEMBER PERCHIK,": "", "GOD FORBID.": "", "SHE DIDN\u0092T.": "", "SHE DID.": "", "REMEMBER PERCHIK": "", "(AVRAM)": "", "(HODEL)": "I don\u0092t want him to be alone. I want to help him in his work. it is the greatest work a man can do, Papa. \u0153\u0153 \u0153 Match - mak - er,12 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 match - mak - er,13 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Look through your14 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 I\u0092ll be with you and that\u0092s34\u00d3(PERCHIK)\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Ev -\u0092ry - thing is \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u02d9 Home e - nough for me. &#35", "CHAVALEH, CHAVALEH.": " ", "PEOPLE (CHORUS)": "(Unseen, are heard singing as", "A POT": "", "A PAN": "", "A BROOM": "", "A HAT.": "", "A BENCH": "", "A TREE": "", "NOTHING MUCH": "", "ONLY ANATEVKA.": "", "ANATEVKA, ANATEVKA": " ", "FROM ANATEVKA.": "I", "&C": "C C", "C": "C ", "(TEVYE, PAPAS)": "\u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153 Who, day and night, Must \u2211 \u00d3", "\u00d3 \u0152(SONS)": "\u0153 At \u00d3", "\u00d3 \u0152(DAUGHTERS)": "\u0153 And133 \u0153 \u0153 # \u0153 \u0153 b \u0153 \u0153 scram - ble for a liv - ing,", "(GOLDE, MAMAS)": "\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Who must know the way to make a \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 three I start - ed \u0153\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 who does ma - ma \u2030\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u00d3 Tra - di - tion. (SONS)\u2030\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u00d3 Tra - di - tion.", "(SONS)": "\u0153\u0152 \u0152 \u0153 trade. I", "(DAUGHTERS)": "\u0153\u0152 \u0152 \u0153 fix, Pre -137 \u0153\u0153 #\u0153\u0153 b .\u0153j\u0153 mas - ter of the house, To \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Who must raise a fam - i - ly and \u2030\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u00d3 Tra - di - tion.153", "\u0152(CHORUS)": "\u0153 \u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 \u0153b b\u0153 \u0153", "\u02d9 \u0152": "match, &####7 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Find me a8 .\u02d9 find.9 catch. &####11 veil, &####23 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 You bring the24 \u02d9 \u0152 groom,25 groom,25 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Slen - der and26 .\u02d9 pale. &####27 match, &####55 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Find me a56 .\u02d9 find,57", "\u02d9\u0152": "match.18\u2211 blur.11 \u0153 b> \u0153\u0153\u0153> \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 All I can see is a hap - py child, &b12", ".\u02d9 \u0152": "hear,40 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Squawk - ing just as &bbbbb41 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153 nois - i - ly as they42 day.112 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 That would be the &bbbbb ~~~~~~~113 \u0153 b \u0153 .\u0153j\u0153 sweet - est thing of114w", "\u02d9\u00d3": "light.75\u0152\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 I see her &bbbbb76 \u0153\u222b\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 put - ting on airs and77\u0153\u222b\u0153 \u0153 b \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 strut - ting like a pea - cock,  zoil. &##156 \u2030(TEVYE)j\u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 We have - n\u0092t got the man,157 love? &13 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Once I was hap - pi - ly cont -14 \u0153\u0153\u02d9 ent to be15 love. & bbb37 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 There where my heart has set - tled38 \u0153\u0153\u02d9 long a - go.39", ".\u02d9\u0152": "wall,107\u0152\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 And I\u0092d dis - &bbbbb108 \u0153\u222b\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 cuss the ho - ly109\u0153\u222b \u0153 b \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 books with the learn - ed zoil. &##164 love. & cPi\u00f9 mosso 21 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Who could see that a22\u0153 \u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 man would come Who would23\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 change the shape of myritard", "\u02d9 \u00d3": "shame, &bb11\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153.\u0153j\u0153 May you come to be In12\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Yis - ro - el a shin - ing13w name.14\u0153\u0152 \u00d3 & choice. &bbb193\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 May you live to194\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 see a thou - sand195\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 rea - sons to re -196 \u02d9 \u00d3 joice. & &bbb bbb197 (solo)w Ah", "(CHORUS)": "\u02d9 \u02d9n Hum16 \u0153\u02d9 \u0152 Es - ther, \u02d9\u02d9n17 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Ma - zel - tov, ma - zel - tov.37\u2030j\u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 In hea - ven it was made. \u2211 & &bbb", "(WOMEN)": "\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 b\u0153\u0153\u0153 May God bless you (MEN)\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 May God bless you24\u0152 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 And grant you long \u0152 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153", "(MEN, TEVYE)": "\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 May the Lord pro - tect and de", "(WOMEN, GOLDE)": "\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 May the Lord pre-serve you from", "..\u02d9\u02d9\u0152": "pain.35(TEVYE) \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153.\u0153j\u0153 Fa-vor them, oh Lord, With \u0153\u0153 \u0152 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 pain. Fa-vor them, oh \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153.\u0153", "\u02d9U": "\u00d3 \u02d9bU", "\u00d3": " ", "\u02d9\u02d9U": "\u00d3", "\u2030U": "J\u0153\u0153\u0153^\u2030U\u2030(TEVYE) j\u0153U ToTo our prosperity!To our good health and happiness!And most", "L\u0092-": "&bbb5\u0153\u0153 b\u0152\u0153 chai - im, L\u0092-6\u0153\u0153\u0152\u0153 chai - im, to7\u0153\u0152 \u00d3 life.8\u0152(TEVYE) \u0153\u0153 n\u0153 b Here\u0092s to the &bbb19\u0153\u0153 b\u0152\u0153 chai - im, L\u0092-20\u0153\u0153\u0152\u0153 chai - im, to21\u0153\u0152 \u00d3 life.22\u0152(TEVYE) \u0153\u0153 n\u0153 b Life has aTO &bbb98\u0153 \u02d9b \u0153 chai - im, L\u0092-99\u0153 \u02d9\u0153 chai - im, to100\u0153 \u0152 \u00d3 life.101\u0152\u0153 \u0153 n \u0153 b It takes a &bbb102", "(VILLAGERS)": "\u0153 \u0153 n \u0153 \u0153 Dai - dai - dai - dai -143\u2211 \u02d9\u02d9 dai - dai,144\u2211 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Dai - dai - dai - dai -145\u2211", "\u0152(OTHER RUSSIANS)": "", "\u00bf\u0152\u00bf": "Za, chaaccel. 182\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Sha, zda - ro - via, Shah! Shah!71\u221172\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Look! Who is this? Who isIn 3 73\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 this? Who comes here? & &bbb", "\u0152\u00bf\u0152\u00bf": "Za, chapoco          a            poco 183\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Hea - ven bless you Za, cha184\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Both, naz - dro - via, Za, cha & &bbb bbbC Za, cha186\u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153 health, And may we \u0152", "\u0152 \u00bf\u0152\u00bf": "Za, cha187\u0153\u0153 \u0153 # \u0153 #\u0153 live To - geth - er in", "\u0152\u00bf\u0152 \u00bf": "Za, cha188.\u02d9\u0152 peace. \u00d3", "\u00d3 \u00bf\u0152": "Hey! &bbbCAllegro \u0097 In 2 189(RUSSIANS)\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 May you both be190\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 fa - vored with the191\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 fu - ture of your192", "(OTHERS)": "\u02d9\u02d9 Za va198w \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Sha, zda - ro - via,199w Ah \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153", "\u00bf\u00bf\u00bf\u2030 \u0152.": "mer - i - ca?18\u0152.\u2030 \u2030 j\u0153 And &bbbbPi\u00f9 mosso 19 \u0153\u0153 \u0153 \u0153j\u0153 what do you think you\u0092re20\u0153\u0153\u2030 \u2030 \u2030 \u2030 j\u0153 do - ing? You", "\u00d3U": "Where does it stop?Stop on", "\u00bf\u0152\u00bf\u0152": "", "\u02d9\u02d9\u00d3": "", "\u0152.\u02d9": "Who?\u00d3 \u0152\u0153 n Who?75www Who? ww76\u2211 \u2211 &bbb4477", "\u0152(ALL)": "\u0153\u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153 It\u0092s the butch - er\u0092s wife83 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 come from be - yond the grave.84\u0152\u0153 #\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 It\u0092s the butch - er\u0092s dear, & b4685", "(SARAH)": "\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 What is this a - bout your daugh - ter mar - ry - ing my \u221193.\u0153j\u0153\u2030 \u2030 \u00d3 . hus - band?", "\u0152.\u2030(CHORUS)": "\u0153\u0153 .\u0153 .\u0153 Yes, her hus - band. & &b b94 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153", "IfCHORUS: Shhhh": "124\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 Tzei - tel mar - ries La - zar Wolfe,[The Curse] &b125\u2030J\u01533 \u0153\u0153 \u0153 \u0153U \u2248R\u01533\u0153\u0153 \u0153 I pi - ty them both. She\u0092ll live with him126\u02d9b \u0153U 3\u2030 \u0153 \u0153", "TEVYE: Amen.": "&##148 \u2030(GOLDE)j\u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 A bless - ing on my head,149 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 ma - zel - tov, ma - zel - tov,150\u2030j\u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Like Grand - ma Tzei - tel said,", "\u0152(WOMEN)": "\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Sun - rise,54\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 n sun - set,55\u0152 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Sun - rise,56\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 n sun - set, &bbbb57\u0152 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Sun - rise, \u0152(MEN)\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 Sun - Sun - rise, rise,104\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153 n sun - set, \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153", "J\u00bf": "not, She\u0092ll16\u00bf\u00bf\u00bf\u2030 No! God for - bid. She\u00bf \u00bf \u2030(MENDEL)j\u00bf stick of wood,", "They\u0092recue:": "", "\u00bf(MENDEL)": ".\u00bf", "\u00d3(GROUP)": "", "\u00d3 \u0152(GROUP)\u00bf": "Oi!70\u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0153 \u0152 Ho - del\u0092s gone to Ki - ev. \u00d3 \u0152 \u00bf Ai! & &bbb", "\"U": "U74\u0153 N\u0153\u0153\u0153 \u0153 n", "HODEL: Papa": "&bbbCIn 2 5(HODEL)\u0153 \u0153 \u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153\u0153 How can I hope to make you6 \u0153\u0153\u02d9 un - der - stand7 \u0153\u0153\u02d9", "\u00bf\u00bf\u00bf\u0152": "what\u0092s a stove? Or a", "A": "&bbbb nnnn12\u00bf \u00bf n \u00bf"}, "foreveramber.pdf": {"FOREVER AMBER": "Written by Richard", "FADE IN.": "", "MICHAEL": "Seat taken? Should I call you Amber\u2014or Madeline? Always charming.  Always in control.  Would you prefer Doris? Then, again, you might like to try Abigail again.  You seem partial to Oh no, that\u2019s you.  I can see why he married you. Just like you. She laughs. History.  Madeline, 30, married Willard, 50.  Willard told her she was his first wife, which was technically true.  He had his first marriage annulled, even though there was a child involved.  Money I was nine years old in 1985.  Nine years old when mom took me to see Willard.  You weren\u2019t there. What woman buys wigs that make her look older? You were 30, just as you are today. With deliberate slowness, Amber places the lid on her coffee. It took me a long time to figure out the wigs.  I mean, look at it. A woman uses makeup and wigs to look older?  Why?  Why?  Maybe because she never really ages? Remember that evening?  1955, right, Doris? Facial recognition programs are exceedingly useful.  You would be surprised at how sophisticated they have become. 1929.  Market crash and bankruptcy, but not for Abigail and Roger. (another photo comes out) 1905.  San Francisco.  Bon Voyage for Hawaii. (another photo) 1873. 152. How old are you really?  Two hundred?  Four hundred?  A thousand?  How long have you been hiding what you are? You can\u2019t buy a new identity? C\u2019mon. Invest a nickel today and in a thousand years what\u2019s it worth? She stares. You don\u2019t age.  I don\u2019t know why you don\u2019t age, but you don\u2019t. Every generation, you reinvent yourself.  But you don\u2019t age. You tell me.  It\u2019s not science.  No one had that kind of science way back when.  And I doubt you pulled a Ponce de Leon and found the fountain of youth.  If I believed in devils, I\u2019d say you sold your I promise to keep your secret. You\u2019re lying. Amber bristles. Here\u2019s what I think. And lived happily ever after. What do you want for it? You\u2019ve owned it long enough. It\u2019s exactly what I think, and I want it.  Don\u2019t make me take it. It belongs to whoever has it. He closes the box. No, you won\u2019t.  There are too many lies to unravel.  How many husbands did you kill? (grabbing box) You\u2019re going to age, Amber.  You\u2019re going to be human again.  You\u2019ve got enough money to enjoy what\u2019s left of your ride.  Get used to it. No one likes a whiner.  Get over it. He leaves.  Amber picks up her drink and sips.10. What the... He flips on the light and looks into the mirror. The face staring back belongs to", "AMBER": "Yes.  Sorry. You may leave.  Oh, wait, you didn\u2019t ask that, did you.  Still, you may leave. Do you know what happens to bores? Bores lead exceedingly lonely lives.  But then, you already know that, don\u2019t you? Michael pulls a photo out of the file and lays it in front of her.  It\u2019s a wedding photo of an older Please, a photoshopped forgery? You\u2019re past boring, you\u2019re insulting. Take a look at the date.  1980. That was what, 35 years ago?   What do you think that woman would look like after 35 years? Oh my, coffee must be the fountain of youth. What will it take to make you leave? A woman with cancer? Do you write fiction?  Because you\u2019re no longer in the real world. If you will excuse me, I have a date with a leprechaun, or is it the unicorn?  I can\u2019t remember. Michael takes a second photo from the file and places it on the table.  It\u2019s from a newspaper and shows a woman much like Amber with another Man.  They wear Halloween costumes. How could Do you really think a couple photos\u2014 Michael produces another photo and slams it on top.4. Enough.  What am I to make of this insane display.  That you\u2019re some kind of stalker who has spent a fortune ginning up a whacko dossier?  Those women are not me. How could they be?  1872? That would make me what, 150 years old? Sorry, genius.  I\u2019m thirty, not an impossible 152. Michael smiles. What will it take to convince you? Birth certificate?  School transcripts?  Dental records?  How can I prove to you I am who I say I am? Let\u2019s go some place where we can talk. What is it that you think you know? She settles on a couch, facing him. Let\u2019s say you\u2019re right.  I don\u2019t age.  I have been this old and precisely this old for...well , for a long time.  How could that be? There is magic.  Not voodoo, nothing like that, but magic nonetheless.  If I tell you\u2014 Wait here. She stands and walks into the bedroom.  He regards an opulence he can\u2019t match. She returns, carrying a small box which she sets in front of him. Open it. Michael opens the box.  Inside is the small doll, stained with black blood, weathered almost beyond recognition. Then, how\u2014 You don\u2019t know what you\u2019re talking about. It\u2019s not for sale. It doesn\u2019t belong to you. I\u2019ll call the police. You can\u2019t do this to me. Please, you don\u2019t understand. Michael laughs and heads for the door.", "FLASHBACK": " ", "MICHAEL (V.O.)": "That mansion was incredible.  While mom and dad argued, I wandered.  I don\u2019t know how I reached the second floor, or how that dog did.  I\u2019m still scared of dogs. At the end of the hall, a Doberman appears, sleek and deadly. I could have played soccer on that bed.  And I never knew they made that many perfumes.  What a life you had.  And that closet, oh that closet. I had never seen so much...silk . Everything amazed me, everything. But the thing that really puzzled me was\u2014 He looks at a row of wigs, all gray, from iron gray through lighter grays to pure white. Somehow, you noticed that the woman didn\u2019t age.  You were close enough and bright enough to wonder why. You found the doll, and you put two and two together. Amber opens the box and sees the doll.  With no hesitation, she closes the box and takes it. So, you stole the talisman.", "MICHAEL (CONT\u2019D)": "I don\u2019t want your money.  Willard gave my mom more than I can spend. What I want is what you have\u2014immortality. A There was no Carpathian witch, no hovel, no blood sacrifice.  That\u2019s movie It\u2019s leaving with me. For a moment, Amber merely stares.  Before she launches herself at him, long nails clawing. Michael is ready.  He grabs her arms, jerks her off her feet, and tosses her onto the couch. Don\u2019t make me hurt you. How the hell... He runs out.", "AMBER (CONT\u2019D)": "Don\u2019t open it.  Not yet. She settles with her drink. It started in the Carpathian mountains, a long time ago. That\u2019s how it happened.", "FLASH BACK": "", "AMBER (V.O.)": "She had no name.  She was just the \u2018Hag\u2019, and she was as ugly as a dog without hair.  Rumors said that she offered the gift of eternal youth. I found her high up, in the snow. I was a princess.  I demanded. Magic demands a price.  I paid. All the time I was there I told myself I was a fool.  But I paid anyway.7.", "END FLASHBACK": " "}, "forrestgump.php": {"FORREST": "I'll be right here when you get back. Forrest Jr. looks into the bus and at the bus driver. It is the same bus driver, only older now, who drove Forrest to school when he was a young boy.", "BLACK WOMAN": "No, it's the number 4. The Black Woman gets up and steps over to the bus.", "FORREST (V.O.)": "We fish a lot.", "DOCTOR": "We sure got you straightened out, didn't we, boy? The doctor leaves and closes the door. Forrest takes off his hat and steps over to her.", "MRS. GUMP": "I will miss you, Forrest.", "EXT. GREENBOW": "Forrest runs across the street.", "PRINCIPAL": "You don't say much, do you? Forrest grunts, imitating him. The principal, embarrassed, turns and walks away.", "INT. HALLWAY": "Forrest sits outside the principal's office.", "ELVIS PRESLEY": "(sings) \"Well, you ain't never caught a rabbit, and you ain't no friend of mine.\" Forrest's legs rock back and forth to the guitar.", "ELVIS": "(sings) \"Well, you ain't never caught a rabbit and you ain't no friend of mine.\"", "BUS DRIVER": "I'm Dorothy Harris.", "INT. BUS": "Forrest steps up onto the bus. Mrs. Gump waves to Forrest as the bus drives away. Forrest begins to walk down the aisle.", "GIRL": "Okay. Jenny sits at a table with some other people. She is snorting cocaine.", "JENNY": "I love you.", "OLD CRONY": "That boy sure is a running fool.", "JENNY'S DAD": "Jenny! Get back here!", "INT. TRUCK": "", "BOY": "Run! Faster! Yeah! Go! Go! Come on, Forrest! Yeah!", "OLDER BOY": "Come on. Whoo-hoo! The truck speeds past Forrest as he turns from the road and runs onto the high school football field. Forrest runs across the field during a football scrimmage. In the stands watching the scrimmage is the legendary", "FOOTBALL COACH": "Run! Turn! Go! Forrest turns up the sidelines and runs toward the end zone. Some opposing players fall down. Forrest runs along the sidelines. The opposing players try to catch him. Forrest runs into the end zone as an opposing player dives at his feet. The referee holds up his arm, signaling a touch", "reads: \"Go.\"": "They turn the cards over, creating the", "CHET HUNTLEY": "...standard Eastern Daylight Time. Now a word from Anacin. Forrest steps up to the coaches' area and grabs a clean towel. The coaches turn and stare at Forrest. Forrest gives them one of his silly waves, then walks away.", "GOVERNOR WALLACE": "We must have no violence today, or any other day, because these National Guardsmen are here today as Federal Soldiers for Alabamans. And they live within our borders and they are all our brothers. We are winning in", "KATZENBACH": "...statement that you are going to stand in that door, and that you are not going to carry out the orders of this court, and that you are going to resist us from doing so. I would ask you once again to responsibility", "EARL": "Not raccoons, you idiot, niggas. And they want to go to school with us.", "NEWSMAN": "Or for the environment?", "ASSISTANT COACH": "Naw, that couldn't be.", "WHITE WOMAN": "It was co-ed.", "BILLY": "Git, just git away from me!", "DJ": "(over radio) Candy is on the line tonight. Candy's answering the phones, give Candy your request, your dedication, and ask her why she won't go out with me, would you? Here's more music.", "reads:": "\"Go Forrest.\"", "CROWD": "(over television) ...1! Happy New Year! The people in the bar cheer and kiss each other. They blow horns and toss confetti into the air. Forrest looks around as Carla and Lenore lean over and kiss him.", "ANNOUNCER": "(over television) ...here in New York Harbor. After the spectacular display of tall ships earlier, the Statue of Liberty... Jenny stands up and kisses Forrest on the cheek.", "PRESIDENT KENNEDY": "I believe he said he had to go pee.", "DEAN": "Congratulations, son. Mrs. Gump, sitting in the audience, cries.", "MILITARY RECRUITER": "Congratulations, son. Have you given any thought to your future?", "BUBBA": "I wanna go home.", "SLAVERY)": "Bubba's grandmother carries a bowl of shrimp into a dining room. She sets it down on a table in front of a wealthy white man.", "DRILL SERGEANT": "Jesus Christ! This is a new company record. If it wouldn't be a waste of such a damn fine enlisted man, I'd recommended you for", "ANOTHER DAY": "Bubba and Forrest are on their hands and knees as they scrub the floor with toothbrushes.", "NIGHT": "Bubba lies in his bunk and looks up quietly.", "YOUNG PRIVATE": "Hey, Gump. Get a load of the tits on her! Forrest pick up the magazine and turns the page, revealing Jenny as she poses with a school sweater on, and that's all. The pictorial is", "SONG": "\"There's something happenin' here. What it is ain't exactly clear. There's a man with a gun over there, telling' me I got to beware.\"", "EMCEE": "That was Amber, Amber Flame. Give her a big hand, guys. Good job, Amber. And now, for your listening and viewing pleasure, direct from Hollywood, California, our very own beatnik beauty, let's give a big", "MAN #": "Hey, show us some stuff, honey!", "MEN": "Yeah! Come on! Man #5 reaches up and tries to stick some money in Jenny's shoe.", "DRIVER": "Get in the truck.", "LT. DAN": "This is my fiancee, Susan.", "SIMS.": "", "SGT. SIMS": "Pull back! Let's go! Lt. Dan gets up and grabs Forrest by the collar.", "CLEVELAND": "Hey, Tex. Hey, Tex. Man, what the hell's going on? Tex holds up his hand, motioning that he doesn't know.", "EXT. JUNGLE": "The rain pours down on Forrest and Bubba as they sit in a foxhole.", "SOLDIER": "See, any idiot can play.", "DALLAS": "Can't hear... Can't hear... Dallas is dropped off at the bank next to the other wounded soldiers. Forrest turns to go back to the jungle.", "STRONGARM": "Leg Lima 6, Leg Lima 6. This is Strongarm, be advised, your fast movers are inbound at this time, over.", "MAN": "Boy, I've heard some whoppers in my time, but that tops them all. We was sitting next to a millionaire! The man laughs as he walks away.", "MALE NURSE": "Harper... Another nurse wheels the rolling bed under Lt. Dan. The male nurse sets Lt. Dan down on the rolling bed. Forrest looks up at Lt. Dan as he is wheeled away. A soldier reads the names from a pile of letters.", "OFFICER": "For the Army it does.", "NURSE": "They sent him home.", "ANCHORMAN": "(over television) Lynett Alice Fromme, a follower of Charles Manson better known as \"Squeaky,\" attempted to assassinate the President as he was... Forrest dives into the water as he reacts.", "PRESIDENT JOHNSON": "Goddamn, son.", "ISABEL": "Christ, what'd they do with this? Forrest continues to speak into the microphone. The crowd grows restless.", "HILARY": "That's it.", "VET": "Come on, go. You can do it. Just get up there. Go on. That's it. Thousands of cheering protesters stand around the Washington Monument. Forrest looks at the crowd. Abbie Hoffmann steps up to Forrest.", "ABBIE HOFFMAN": "Forrest Gump! Abbie raises his fist into the air. Abbie steps away from Forrest. The crowd cheers.", "POLICEMAN": "Hey, what the hell are you doing?", "RUBEN": "Shut that blind, man. And get your white ass away from that window. Don't you know we in war here? Another Black Panther named", "MASAI": "We are here to offer protection and help for all of those who need our help, because we, the Black Panthers, are against the war in Vietnam. Yes, we are against any war where black soldiers are sent to the front line", "WESLEY": "Jenny? Things got a little out of hand. It's just this war and that, that lyin' son-of-a-bitch Johnson. I would never hurt you. You know that.", "BLACK PANTHER": "Masai, phone. Talk to these guys.", "S.D.S.": "", "YOUNG HIPPIE": "Far out!", "NEIL ARMSTRONG": "That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. The, uh, the surface is fine and powdery. I can, I can pick it up loosely. Forrest demonstrates a ping-pong to some wounded vets.", "DICK CAVETT": "Oh. Hard to imagine.", "JOHN LENNON": "Well, it's easy if you try, Dick. Forrest looks oddly at John Lennon.", "BOB HOPE": "You have a great year and hurry home. God bless you.", "DICK CLARK": "(over television) ...pour here in Times Square. It's been off-and-on all night, but these people hang in there. Jenny fills her bag with her belongings.", "LENORE": "You loser! You freak! Forrest tries to help Lt. Dan. Lt. Dan pushes Forrest away.", "CARLA": "You retard!", "PATRONS": "(sing) Should auld acquaintance be forgot and days of auld lang syne.\"", "PRESIDENT NIXON": "(over television) Vice President Ford will be sworn in as President at that hour in this office. As I recall the high hopes for America with which we began this second term, I feel a great sadness", "SECURITY GUARD": "Good night. Forrest hangs up the phone. The camera tilts down, revealing the hotel stationary, which reads \"The Watergate Hotel.\"", "LOUISE": "Forrest, it's time to start. Jenny walks out of the house. Forrest walks over to greet her. She wears a white dress. She walks up to Forrest and adjusts his necktie.", "MRS. BLUE": "Smells wonderful!", "OLD SHRIMPER": "Hey, you ever think about namin' this old boat?", "EXT. DOCKS": "Forrest pulls a couple of shrimp out of a bucket.", "INT. DISCO": "Disco lights flash and people dance. A guy asks a girl to dance.", "INT. BATHROOM": "Jenny smears some lines of cocaine on a mirror. She looks at herself in the mirror.", "EXT. BALCONY": "Jenny steps out onto the high-rise balcony. She steps up on a table and stands on the edge of the balcony. A busy street lies many stories below. Jenny looks down to the intersection below. She slips over the edge, regains her balance, turns and", "ELDERLY WOMAN": "I hope everything works out for you.", "EXT. BOAT": "Forrest and Lt. Dan have dinner on the deck. The television shows an assassination attempt on President Gerald Ford.", "MARGO": "(over radio) His momma's sick.", "EXT. CHURCH": "The sign", "REVEREND": "Praise the Lord.", "CAB DRIVER": "Where are you running off to?", "NEWSCASTER": "...five or six gunshots were fired by an unknown would-be assassin. The President was shot in the chest and the assailant was immediately tackled by a half a dozen lawmen. As the Presidential...", "EXT. HIGHWAY": "Forrest is running along the highway. Forrest runs down a road between field of wheat. A Mountain river. Forrest runs across a cobble-stone bridge. The Rocky Mountains are behind him in distance. Forrest runs through some meadowland. Split rail fences line the road.", "REPORTER": "Or for animals?", "YOUNG MAN": "Now what are we supposed to do?", "AGING HIPPIE": "What, shit?", "WILD-EYED MAN": "I think it would be really fortunate for me if I could get your name on these, oh, your face and name on these T-shirts. It would be wonderful. A truck splashes mud onto Forrest as it goes by. The man hands Forrest a yellow T-shirt to use as a rag to wipe the", "LYNN MARIE": "Bye.", "LITTLE BOY": "Now, can I go watch", "BERT": "A hand? Well, yeah, what do you want, Ernie?", "ERNIE": "Hey, Bert, can you give me a hand?", "FORREST JR.": "Of course, and you're Dorothy Harris and I'm Forrest Gump. Forrest Jr. looks over and waves to his father. Forrest nods Page 115/116", "MINISTER": "Do you, Forrest, take Jenny to be your wife? Do you, Jenny, take Forrest to be your husband? If so, I pronounce you man and wife. The wind blows fallen leaves across the ground. Jenny, Forrest, and Forrest Jr. walk toward the house. They all", "SUSAN": "Hi, Forrest."}, "from_here_to_eternity_(1953).pdf": {"FADE IN:": "", "LONG SHOT": "In b.g. Warden, in uniform, and Karen are sitting on the same bench as in their first meeting in the park. We cannot hear what they are saying at first.", "legend:": "", "PEARL HARBOR": "The taxi pulls up across the street from camera. A soldier gets out, pulls two heavily loaded barracks bags after him. He pays the driver, hoists the bags to his back, moves toward camera. The taxi drives away slowly. The soldier walks toward steps leading to a low building. He is", "MEDIUM SHOT": "Prew rises, staggers away from the jeep.", "MAGGID": "Fine way to pass the time. Good for the mind.", "PREW": "-- I'm a soljer!  --", "MAGGIO": "Prew... they gonna send you to the Stockade...? (pleading) Should they do, watch out for Fatso! You gotta make like it's a game... He'll try to crack you but you ain't gonna crack... He\u2019s gonna see you but he\u2019ll never see you", "PREY": "No, air.", "PHEW": "I'll tell you your mistake. You didn't hit him hard enough to put him out.", "WARDEN": "Thank you, sir. No, sir. I hardly knew the guy...", "TRUCKING SHOT": "as Prew and Warden walk along the porch, Warden a few paces ahead. They go into the Orderly Room.", "MAZZIOLI": "The Japs\u2019re  bombing Wheeler Field! It's the Japs!  They're bombing Wheeler Field! The Japs!  It's the Japs!  I saw the red circles on the wings!", "ANOTHER ANGLE": "", "HOLMES": "(severely) All right. Let's cut it. There is a look of relief on the faces of both Galovitch and Prew as they stop fighting. What started this? You won't disobey any more orders in my Company, Prewitt.  Warden saved you from a court martial once but he won't this time -- Anderson steps into the circle. (meaningfully) Thornhill, you're in charge of this detail. How about it? Thornhill steps into the circle, nods toward Anderson. That's all. Break it off. Let's get back to our jobs. (to Prew and Galovitch; weakly) I'm giving you two a break. I'll ignore this. I haven't any, sir... The charges -- are true. If there were any way to avoid a court martial, sir. Any way... The General frowns, is unresponsive. Holmes looks to Colonel Williams helplessly. --- that's right, it's a letter of resignations I'm through! I've already been relieved! So you can begin packing. We're sailing for the States next week! She shakes her head, not wanting to believe; she takes the Karen -- you're coming back with me, aren't you...? Trembling, Karen puts the letter on the dressing table. Abruptly, she runs out of the room.", "PREWITT": "Sir, Private Robert", "WARDED": "(grins suddenly) Or was it just because you couldn't stand to bugle?", "HOLDS": "I pulled a few strings. I'm the Regimental Boxing Coach, Prewitt. I saw your fight with Connors in the Bowl year before last. With any luck you should have won it. I thought for a while, in the second The Company takes care of itself. Or my Topkick  takes care of it. I\u2019m willing to forgive you. Tell me who he is. Make a clean breast of it. And I'll forgive you.", "(MORE)HOLMES": "(bitterly) My Regiment got beaten last year in the finals, as you know. (savage insistence) But I mean to win this year. And I will. All I've needed was a top Where has it gone, Karen? What happened to it? The gay, cheerful life we were going to have, you and", "HOLMES.": "Quit fighting? When? What for?", "HOLMEB": "You mean that fallow you hurt -- the one that went blind?", "(MORE)WARDEN": "(holds up papers) Yea, sir! The Compny  Pond Report's got to be made out. It's due tomorrow -- (into phone) Compny ", "LEVA": "Remember I warned you. I did my best.", "WARDEN'S VOICE": "How do you like straight duty?. Life in a rifle compny , eh? Prew stops working, turns toward Warden. (booms) Halt! Prew stops automatically. Who goes there? Advance, friend, and be reconized. Prew moves closer, Yes, air. Very softly, so distant that we can only distinguish a word or two now and then, we hear the voices of Clark, Anderson and Prew singing the \"Re-enlistment Blues.\" The plaintive melody continues under the rest of the scene.", "LEVA'S VOICE": "Okay, never me. But a lot of them. I know some of the Use she played 'around with, don't tell me.", "KAREN": "Done all what? I don't know. Why? (dryly) I always thought you did it because you wanted to get ahead. She finishes the last of her food, stands. It's a lovely day out. I think I\u2019ll go for a walk. Holmes catches her wrist, stops her. I wonder which is hurt more -- your pride or your curiosity? She disengages her wrist. (coolly) When I'm ready to ask you for a divorce we can discuss it again. She goes to door to pantry, pauses there.  (maternally) And do eat your breakfast, Dana. It's getting cold. She goes out to pantry. We hear the sound of the door to rear porch opening and closing. ... I guess I felt it that night I asked you to become an officer. When you didn't say yes right away. I guess that's the trouble with Dana... He's always tried to be something he isn't. Poor Dana... I don't think he ever needed me until now. (shaken herself out of it) I'm going back with him, Milt. There's something in being needed. It isn't love. But it's something. (smiles) That sounds like Milt Warden, all right. He bends toward her to kiss her. She presses him back. No, Milt. I don't want to kiss you any more. I just want to remember you. And you to remember me. (sociably) I think It's the most beautiful place I ever saw in my lire. There's a legend. If they float in toward shore, you'll come back some day. If they float out to sea, you won't. Oh, I am sorry. (tossing the last of leis over) That's very fine of her. Who?", "KAREN.": "No, thanks, Sergeant. She makes slight move to go, pauses.", "(MORE)LEVA": "But man, she sure is one, ain't she?", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "HOLMES VOICE": "If it were so, don't you think I'd admit it? The way things are between us now? What right have you to always be accusing me?", "HOLM ES": "How many times do I have to tell you I'm sorry, about that? How many times that I had no way of knowing - He puts his hands on her shoulders. Karen shakes away, rises, faces him.", "CHOATE": "I'm coldern  a Idaho winter tonight. Prew shoots, makes a brilliant shot. You might as well get use to it, kid. You probly  be seein  it often before you die. Take A Compny.  They got the best Compny  Commander I ever saw. But their Topkick  -- he ain't no Warden. Warden stops beside Prew and Karelsen  moves on, going in to a small room off the main squadroom.  Warden's big, powerful The Warden? He's a wild man. He was in the 15th when they seen their action in the Settlement in Shanghai. I heard about it down in the Philippes  even. He got himself a Top, you sure plastered. Them engineers mighty ambitious Sunday mornin  before eight o'clock. The men resume eating. Warden moves a couple of steps toward the chow line when the second blast hits. It is much heavier and fuller. Hats got it locked up. An the keys in his pocket.", "WILSON": "We'd of won last year if we had a good middleweight. You box as good as you used to over at Shatter we're a cinch this year. Prew doesn't respond. He bends over his cue again. Still makin  out you like it, huh? You better put same iodine on them cuts. (pointing after second of the planes) Hey! That last one was one of ours! That was an American plane!", "THORNHILL": "Don't go out there, First Sergeant! You'll be killed! They're shootin it up! You'll be dead! You'll not be alive any more. Don't go out there!", "GALOVITCH": "(puffing) Prewitt  talk back to non-com. Refuse order I give him, start fight. I teach him lesson. A laugh from the crowd.", "HENDERSON": "But there ain't no officers yet, you jerk! Lieutenant Ross lives off the post.", "DHOM": "(shouting) Come on, you dirty sons -- The scream of the planes drowns Dhom\u2019s voice. There is a tremendous clatter as the men fire. The Jap planes pass, untouched.", "CHO ATE": "... oh, sure, we got a few bad non- coms and we got Dynamite Holmes for a Captain. But I been around twenty years in this Army. They even up. In b. g. Warden and", "FADE OUT.": "", "DHOM'S VOICE": "Prewitt!  Get in step, Prewitt! Prew frowns slightly. He hops once, changing stride, realizes he is now out of step.", "GALOVITCH\u2019S VOICE": "Some day you get sense in your dumb head, Prewitt , you be up here instead down there! A fine spray of spit accompanies the words and showers over Prew but he keeps about his work.", "HENDERSON'S VOICE": "'at's fair time. Now lemma see you put it together. Prew's hands start to work over rifle parts, putting them together.", "EFFECT MONTAGE": "The", "following:": "", "FLASHES PREW": "running around track, staggering despite a tremendous effort not to show his fatigue. chinning himself on bar setup near obstacle course; he is near physical exhaustion.", "OBSTACLE COURSE": "with the platoon going through, crouched low, live ammunition spattering around them. Prew, nearest camera, is lower than any man in the line. Over shot we hear a snatch of Wilson's Voice yelling at Prew to get lower.", "TREADWELL": "Friday's gone crazy! He's blowing the Cavalry Charge!", "STARK": "I'll take him, Prew. He starts the motor. Prew leans over, moves Maggio's body a little. What you want me to do, First? I got a hangover, but I can still --", "(MORE)TREADWELL": "... they just give me my chance they'll see... He is surprised and pleased as he spears a potato this time. He raises it triumphantly like a caught fish.", "WILLARD": "(terribly injured) How you think I can do my job if the Mess Sergeant takes sides with a goldbricking", "MAZZIOLI'S VOICE": "Total due twelve dollars thirty cents.", "FULL SHOT": "As before, pandemonium -- but controlled and efficient. The men are hoarse from shouting, red-eyed, puffing from excitement and exertion. Two Jap planes swoop past and the full-throated umbrella of fire lets loose. Lieutenant Ross clambers onto the roof, stooping under the burden of the", "MRS. KIPPER": "Angelo is one of my favorites. Annette, dear, take care of this gentleman, will you, please? Mrs. Kipfer  exits through the curtains. Annette takes a card from file, picks up pen.", "ANNETTE": "Much as I adore your company, you must allow me to tear myself away. I see a few friends at the door. (snaps) Also I can see I will be of no use to you much.", "LORENE": "Alma Schmidt... There is a sound as of strangling from under the towel. Mrs. Kipfer  picked Lorene out of a perfume ad. She thought it sounded French... Lorene whisks the towel away. Prew's face is comic in its surprise and chagrin.", "FATSO": "You're the kind of character I eat for breakfast, ya little -- Maggio breaks away from the girls and rushes toward Patso  but Prew, stepping through the group, grabs him. Mrs. Kipfer bustles into the melee. Little Mussolini  here tryin  to tell me what way to play the piano. Who's that? Who's that dame? Whoever! Say, she's a real good piece of whistle bait! I'd sure like to get my mitts around her. He laughs complacently at his own wit, tosses the picture on the table, starts to move on, Maggio rises, picks up the heavy wooden stool he's been sitting on and smashes it down Why, holy -- I You hit met You hit me! (still blinking from the blow) What?! But what for? That's no way to fight! (reaches hand to head, brings away blood) I'm gonna cut this little Wop\u2019s heart out. Anybody steps in here, I give it to him first. Look outs here, Warden. This a private affair. Tough monkey. Hard sister. Guys like you get to the Stockade sooner later. One day you walk in there I'll be waitin.  I'll show you a coupla  things. He walks away, drops into a stool at the counter. Tough monkey. Hard sister. You want me? I don't like that nickname. You want to see me about somethin? (grins) Okay. Good night, gents. The sailors go off. Fatso walks into the darkness of an alley next to the building. Prew follows. Okay. You sore about somethin? The little Wop? The one who bust out of the Stockade? Sure. He was a real tough monkey. But crazy, see? You've killed me. Why'd  you want to kill me? Prew backs away from Fatso, turns, staggers down the alley away from camera.", "MRS. KIPFER": "You man can simply leave if you're not going to behave yourselves.", "SOLDIER": "What if they bomb us?", "SANDRA": "All right, bully boy, now you won the war, let's dance.", "BILL": "Listen, fellow --", "THREE SHOT": "as Maggio comes into the room.", "(MORE)PREW": "... just came up to borrow a good book.", "CLOSEUP": "as they kiss. The embrace is impassioned. When their lips separate, their arms remain around each other, holding tight to something they find is more than sex alone.", "EXTREME CLOSEUP": "as Karen and Warden kiss again, a tenderness in him not seen before and which he normally takes great pains to hide.", "TWO SHOT": "", "(MORE)KARELSEN": "The Profession wears you down, though, young man. Down thin like a knife what's been honed and honed. All that good steel just rubbed away... He turns back sadly to study the figure of the girl.", "ANDERSON": "(to the room) Must be dynamitin  down to Wheeler Field.", "CLARK": "Hey, look... I betcha  we could make one out of what you just played. Do that again. Anderson repeats the melody. 'They gimme  all that money... So much my pockets is sore...' They laugh. Anderson sings. Prew writes furiously. Some day I\u2019m goin back to Scranton and play it for my folks. And tell em it wan composed in the Hawaiian Islands ! Clear across the Pacific Ocean ! Yeah? Don't know. I was borned  on Wednesday. (plucks guitar, sings) Went back around on Friday Asked for a free glass of beer... The three laugh, sing in unison. Dead? But he was here just a minute ago. Prew bends over, picks up Maggio, holds him in his arms gently, unbelieving.", "ANGLE": "Anderson plays a series of chords, then repeats the last two lines as the whole group joins in.", "GROUP": "'More dough than I can use. Re- enlistment Blues...'", "GENERAL SLATER": "Holmes, the first thing I ever learned in the Army was that an officer takes care of his men. It seems to be the first thing you forgot. It's monstrous to think of anybody like you in command of (thinks a moment) I'll give you a chance you don't deserve, Holmes. Write a letter of resignation and have it on my desk this afternoon. I\u2019ll consider accepting it. Only because as far", "KARELSEN": "(spits over roof) Ah, nobody\u2019ll  ever know which of us got that guy.", "(MORE)STARK": "... China's the place. Your money's worth ten, twelves times as much. I'm gunna  ship over soon as my time's up in this pineapple Army.", "SOLDIER'S VOICE": "Hey, it you want to fight, fight with fists. Take it outsides There is a murmur of agreement from the crowd. A couple of men are about to rise. Fatso whirls toward them.", "FREW": "Lorene...", "\"LORENE.\")": "A fashionable Waikiki night spot. An orchestra in b.g, is playing \" Someone's Rocking My Dream Boat .\" Alma and Prew are seated at the bar. She is dressed modestly and becomingly, might well be taken as a society girl. Prew is wearing a civilian suit; he looks bound and choked in it.", "ALMA": "Robert", "MAGGIO'S VOICE": "... e-scape to Mexico and become a cowboy!...", "(MORE)MAGGIO": "", "DRIVER": "Shut up! Yeah. Theys  the creepy ones. Walkin around just like ordinary civilians. I betcha  they operatin all over these islands.", "SECOND MP": "I ain\u2019t worried about them. Sabatoors  is what worries me.", "WIPE TO:": "", "SHOT": "as the Reconnaissance car drives through the chain-mesh gate. In the distance is the Stockade, a building that looks something like a country schoolhouse. Music sweeps up as the gate clangs shut.", "FIRE": "", "GORGETTE": "Your side\u2019ll  open up --", "(MORE)KAREN": "You're eligible for the extension course that came in with the draft. When you get your commission they'd ship you back to the States -- new officers aren't kept at posts where they've been enlisted men. Then --", "(MORE)ALMA": "Here it is -- they're putting it on an inside page already. (reads) \u2018... still no clue in the fatal stabbing of Staff Sergeant James", "FADE OUT:": "", "NAIR": "Say! This\u2019ll  make me a good souvenir! A bullet from a Jap plane!", "GALOVITCH'S VOICE": "Are proud dis Compny  to be or not? Bites de hand dat feeds it der shoot dogs for. Infortunately , ony dogs day are allowed to shoot, not men.", "SPECTATOR": "I don't get it -- Why don't Prew go for the head?", "HOLMES\u2019 VOICE": "I\u2019ll be glad to recommend you, Warden. You've got service, experience, grade. You'll make an excellent officer.", "EMERSON": "It's your show, kid. Run it the way you want.", "GROUP SHOT": "The men gape at Maggio, unable to accept the shock of his appearance. Then Prew and Warden jump up and catch him as he is about to fall. The drunkenness drains out of them. Stark watches in bewilderment. Warden bends over Maggio. The others watch, scared.", "TRACKING SHOT": "", "PREW'S VOICE": "... sweat it out and sweat it out and wait and wait and wait for it... and now it's here... it's here... gotta see to do it well... gotta do it well... won't take long...", "COLONEL WILLIAMS": "There is one alternative, General... if you're so disposed. A resignation for the good of the service under", "ROSS": "", "WARDEN\u2019S VOICE": "", "SOLDIERS": "(ad lib) What's the deal, First? Why can't we go up on the roof? Where's the ammo, Top? Are we soljers  -- or Boy Scouts?", "WARN": "(pitilessly) Start rollin  full field packs! We may have to move out of here. Squad leaders, get \u2018em packin! In b.g. Henderson and others are going up the porch stairs to the roof. They tote BARs and loading clips. Karelsen and two", "PREP": "(laughs wildly) They\u2019ll be throwin  \u2018em out of the Stockade. They need every man they can get. He picks up the sheet of paper with the \"Re-enlistment Blues\" written out on it, starts to fold it. Desperation is", "FIRST MP": "They say they seen parachutists land up in the mountains.", "MP\u2019S VOICE": "", "MP": "That guy ain\u2019t no soljer  -- he dint halt --", "PREW\u2019S VOICE": "... just a little more now... gotta do it good... it'll be over... nobody lies... lonely... a man has... got to have some place... Prew's eyes close.", "BLACK LEADER": "There is no sound as the screen remains black for several beats.", "LIEUTENANT COLONEL": "I'm sorry, Sergeant. The Lieutenant Colonel walks off.", "ALMA'S VOICE": "It's very beautiful, isn't it?"}, "ghost.pdf": {"MOLLY (O.S.)": "What a mess!", "SAM (O.S.)": "I told you! Through jagged holes we can make out three dim figures on the other side of the wall, all wielding", "SAM": "I can't breathe. (singing) \"Volga boat..., man.\" Whoomph! His hammer pounds the wall. Molly laughs. And about eighty years of dust. (eyeing her curiously) For what? Be great for bumper cars. Carl laughs as he looks at Sam. Their bodies, covered with white powder, appear as strange, ghostly figures. Hey, look what I found. There's a penny inside. (he hands it to Molly) For luck in our new loft. It's a good omen. It's gonna be great. I hate pitching to these Japanese guys. They make me nervous. I mean, what am I supposed to say, \"Who do you think'll win that big Sumo championship\"? Better pay off your Mustang first. So Carl, what did the doctor say? And what about the rash? On your genitals again? Morning Rose. Listen, when the Kobiashi people arrive, have Elenore take them right to the... They're early! Noon? Damn! He hurries over to Carl's cubicle. He is on the phone. Carl cups the mouthpiece. Listen, Dillon needs $900,000 in Albany by noon. Can you transfer it to his payroll account? Discretion, huh? (in Japanese) Good morning, Gentlemen. On behalf of Market Security Bank & Trust, I welcome you to our city. I'm afraid that's the only Japanese I know. But I realize it's not our language fluency, or lack of it, that brings you to Market Security. Rather, I'm sure, it is our banking expertise, our ability to represent Excuse me. (he picks up the receiver) Hello? Uh hmm. Okay. Well, that's just fine. Thank you. I'll remember that. Saved your life. Sam laughs as he pulls her back into the loft. She does not think it is funny. Better than seeing this gorgeous body splattered all over the street. Here, look out. Sam jumps up, grabs hold of the door's top molding, and swings out over the sidewalk. Molly gasps. Sam's feet push at the angel and send it swinging away and then back toward the (under his breath) I couldn't keep him away. Carl enters, shakes Molly's hand, and pats Sam on the back. What do you mean? It's comfortable. For It goes with me. It was the middle of December. I was sitting in my old office, the one Charlie's in. Suddenly, I heard this woman screaming. I thought someone'd been shot or something. She was four thousand dollars over her limit. She's still angry. Get outta here, Frank! (the cat scampers away) You should have seen her. All pink and flushed. Her skin was gorgeous, like a rose. And she's screaming, She didn't know that. Carl smiles. What's a Montana accent? (laughing) I wasn't nervous. (matter of factly) I thought you were cute. What are you doing? At (continuing) You notice Carl's eyes today? They were all over you. I feel inspired. His hands dig into the clay. Molly smiles. Their fingers seem to dance together. After a moment, she reaches up to him, her clay-covered fingers streaking his face and curving down to his chest. Sam grins and reaches down to her. The matter? Nothing... really. No. Not really. I don't know. A lot of things. I just don't want the bubble to burst... Whenever something good happens to me I'm just afraid I'm going to lose it. Molly gently strokes his head. What? Oh Jesus. Another one. I should cancel my Yeah. So did they. Sam looks at her and then back at the screen. (continuing) Amazing, huh? (he snaps his fingers) Just like that. Blackout. I changed it. Nothing. I just want to nose around a bit... Can you keep your mouth shut? I think I've stumbled onto something. There's too much money in these accounts. That's what I keep asking myself. I've been checking. Not yet. I'm gonna dig around a bit. I loved it. Six times. Molly, the \"New York Times\" is some frustrated little critic with pimples on his ass who flunked out of art school. Who cares what The New York Times thinks? (taken aback) What? (staring at her) It's just been so long since... I mean, you never wanted to talk about it. There is a long pause. What do you think, Moll? What are you talking about? People say Let me handle this. Sam stops abruptly and turns around. A gun is staring him in the face. Molly screams. Take the money. Just leave the wallet and my... He swipes Sam across the head. Molly screams. The Mugger whacks her across the face. Sam explodes, plowing into the mugger with all his might. No!!!!!! He jumps down toward his body and reaches out to grab hold of his motionless form. His hands make a strange (continuing) This isn't happening. It's not happening. He reaches out to Molly for help. His hand cuts through her shoulder. He screams. (continuing) Help me! They run right through him. He gasps in stunned terror. Sam watches helplessly as they reach his body. Molly looks up and begins screaming hysterically. One of the Men grabs her as the other goes for Sam's wrist. There is no sign of Molly? Molly! Tears stream down his face. Molly stirs. Molly! Sam is so relieved to hear her voice that he can hardly breathe. What's happening to me?! Molly! She does not hear him. He calls again. (continuing) Molly. There is no response. Sam, deeply troubled, hesitates for a moment. He is torn between Molly and the light. Then, in a painful, but conscious gesture, he turns from the light and walks toward Molly. At that instant, the light behind him Don't stop! I'm not dead! Molly, kneeling over Sam's body, grabs him and begins to cry in long terrible sobs. What? Are you talking to me? Who are you? Who are you? What's happening...? The Man isn't there. An Orderly approaches the gurney with Sam's body and begins pushing it toward the elevator. Sam jumps in front of him. (continuing) No! Oh God, help me. Molly. She does not respond. I am here, Moll. I am. Wait, Moll. Not that one. That's my favorite... She tosses it into a box and then takes down a sweater. It is obviously handmade, about four sizes too big. Sam recognizes it. Molly holds the sweater tenderly and presses it to her cheek. (continuing) Molly, don't. Unexpectedly, Carl comes rushing into the room. He takes hold of Molly and sits her on the bed. (continuing) Say something. Help her, Carl. Molly, we hated that concert. She takes the stubs and lovingly puts them in the box. Sam groans. Carl finds a half used package of Rolaids. Molly takes them from his hand and puts them in the box, too. Rolaids? What are you doin' Moll? Molly just stares for a moment. pulling back from the door. He is trembling. \"Singing bye bye, Miss American Pie. Drove my Chevy to the levy, but the levy was dry. Them good ol' boys were drinkin' whiskey and rye, and singing this'll be the day that You motherfucking bastard! What the hell are you doing here? What are you doing? The Mugger, unaware that anything is going on, glances around nervously as he moves through the vast space. Molly, no! Get out! Molly closes the door and locks it shut. Sam freezes as she heads for the bedroom. She walks right past the Mugger. To Sam's horror she stops and turns to look around. There is a curious expression on her face. Seeing nothing she continues through the loft. Damn! Willie dials the phone. Someone comes on the line. Get what? Who the hell are you? What were you doing at Molly's? What the hell's going on? Willie grabs a bottle of wine from the nightstand and lies down. After a moment he reaches over and takes Molly's photo from the drawer. He studies it slowly. (continuing) Stay away from her! Sure lady! Oda Mae's eyes glance up curiously for a second, as though she heard something, and then she continues. (sarcastic) Oh my God... Oda Mae's eyes dart uncomfortably around the room. Way to go. Milk her for every penny. Oda Mae jumps up and stares at her sisters. They look back at her curiously. They can't figure out what's wrong. Neither can Oda Mae. Mrs. Santiago reaches into her purse. A twenty dollar bill changes hands. Sam watches, amazed at it all. Oda Mae sits (scanning the room) Yeah? Where? Oda Mae jerks. Her eyes dart nervously around the room. What a crock of shit! Oda Mae nearly falls off her chair. She spins around. (looking around) Who? Oda Mae screams and jumps up thrashing at the air. Her knee kicks the table and sends it toppling. Mrs. Santiago is terrified. What's going on? Who are you talking to? Clara runs up to Oda Mae. Are you talking to me? I don't believe this. Hey you. My name is Sam Wheat. Can you hear me? Sam Wheat! Say my name! Sam Wheat! Say it! Jesus! Go away. Hell no. I'm stayin' right here! Oda Mae screams, jumps back into the closet, and bolts up against the door. It tears from its hinges and falls into the seance room, nearly crushing Louise. Mrs. Santiago runs out screaming. Oda Mae takes one look around and collapses Someone else? Are you outta your mind? Not till you help me. I'm standing right beside you. What? Listen, damn it. You can help me. There's a woman, Molly Jensen. She's in terrible danger. The man who killed me broke into our apartment. He's going to go back. You've gotta warn her. It's just a phone call. You're all I've got. Lookit. I'm not leavin' till you help me. I don't sleep anymore, so I can sit here day and night. I don't care how long it takes. I can talk forever. You gotta go there. \"I'm Henery the Eighth I am / Henery the Eighth I am, I am / I'm gettin' married to the widow next door / She's been married seven times before / And every one was an Henery / Wouldn't take a Willie or a Sam / Just one more time. Please. It's a big place. Oda Mae turns to leave. Sam, desperate, starts to sing. (continuing) \"Ninety-nine bottles of beer on the wall, ninety nine bottles of beer,\" Oda Mae stops. She turns back to the buzzer and rings once more. Suddenly Molly answers. Ask her about the sweater in the closet, the one she knitted that's too big. Four sizes. She couldn't throw it out. I saw. I was there. Tell her she's wrong. I'm holding her hand. I'm holding her hand. God, I love her. I love her so much. (his eyes brightening) Ditto. Tell her \"ditto\". Come on Oda Mae, stop rambling. I do not have an attitude. Goddamn it, Oda Mae! Relax, Oda Mae. Jesus Christ! Damn it. All right. I apologize. Oda Mae stops, pauses a moment, and walks back to the couch. Sam, relieved, paces back and forth. Oda Mae's eyes follow his voice as Molly watches her curiously. (continuing) Please, Oda Mae, I need you to tell Molly what I'm saying. You gotta tell her word for word. Molly, you're in danger. Say it! I know the man who killed me. Willie Lopez. I know where he lives. Write it down. You do it! 321 Prospect Place. Apartment Molly, he's got my wallet and my key. He was in here. (directly to Molly) You have to go to the police. The Mugger wasn't acting alone. It was a setup, Moll. I was murdered. Listen to her, Carl, goddamn it. She needs some support here. Come on, Carl. Open your mind. Carl sits down beside her. Give him the address, Moll. Way to go, Carl! Carl climbs the stairs two at a time and approaches Willie's door. He bangs on it, loudly. You killed me, Carl. You had me killed. Look what you've done to me! Look what you've done! You fucker! You mother fucker! I had a life, Goddamn you. I had a life! From the distance, we see Sam smashing into Carl. It is like hitting the air. For all of his rage and bluster, there is nothing he can do. Why can't you hear me, Molly? I need you. Suddenly the Don't open it. He's a murderer, Moll! There is a You were never our friend. No, Moll. Don't do it. Don't let him in! (shocked) Molly, no.  Teach me how you do that! I want to learn! I'm not leaving til you teach me! The Ghost, exhausted, looks up at him and smiles with appreciation. I don't get it. How do you focus? I'm angry all the time. It doesn't do a thing. I did it! practicing. He smashes at an abandoned tennis shoe with his fist. Nothing happens. How long have you been here? Someone pushed you? Who? What the hell? Oda Mae, startled, jumps up in her chair. Everyone else jumps, too. Clara and Louise look worried. What is all this? What's goin' on? Oda Mae. You're doing it. This is for real. How do you like that? Come on. Look at this. You're doing great. One of the I need your help, Oda Mae. There's something we need to do. Give it up? I'm already dead. And how am I supposed to do that? That was incredible, Oda Mae. He spoke through you. It was amazing. You're great, Oda Mae! You're a real medium. It's what you were born for. Oda Mae, what's wrong? Willie! Oda Mae, we're in trouble... I can stop them. But I can't do it alone. You've gotta help me. You're right. And they'll be back. I'm your only chance. I need you Oda Mae. I need you to get some fake ID's. Help me now, they'll never bother you again. I promise. I'll teach you. You'll learn fast. As they reach the entrance of the bank, they pass a pair of See where it says \"New Accounts\"? That's where you're going. Tell her you're here to fill out a signature card for a new account. Yes. 926-31043. Rita Miller. Tell her Rita Miller. Tell her Carl Bruner opened it for you by phone and asked you to come in today. Just sign you name at the bottom on the first blank line. Oda Mae nods and starts to sign \"Oda Mae\". Sam stops her. (continuing) No, no, no. Rita Miller. Tell her to see that it goes right up to the third floor file since you have a transaction to make. Tell the guard you're here to see Lyle Furgeson. Don't say that! Tell him Rita Miller's here. Don't embellish. (whispering) Now listen, this guy Furgeson's a real jerk. (he doesn't know) Just be quiet and listen. I've known him five years and he still thinks my name's Paul. We see the Guard leaning over Mr. Furgeson's desk. (continuing) He's a social moron. You don't have to worry about anything. Tell the guard Furgeson knows you. You spent time with him and his wife Shirley at the Brewster's Christmas party This'll be easy. Furgeson was so drunk at that party, he could have had a conversation with Tina Turner and he wouldn't remember. The Guard whispers in Furgeson's ear. Furgeson appears totally flummoxed. He looks up at Oda Mae, embarrassed, and waves. Ask how Bobby and Snooky are. Tell him you've been wondering how they did on the Gibraltar securities. \"We sure did!\" \"Good old Randy\". \"Her\" shoulders. You're closing an account. 926-31043. 31-0-43. She looks up into the air. Furgeson eyes her strangely. Say \"yes\"! (continuing) I'll be back in a minute. You're on your own. Don't say anything foolish. Oda Mae signs a form closing the account. Of course the signatures match. Mr. Furgeson examines them both and smiles. He shakes Oda Mae's hand. Oda Mae, come on. We gotta get out of here. Say goodbye. Oda Mae. Take the check out of your purse. She stops. There is a nervous look on her face. Just do it. Oda Mae, worried, removes the check but holds onto it tightly. (continuing) Now endorse it. Sign Rita Miller. Do what I say. That's blood money, Oda. I was killed for that money. Endorse it now. We're giving it away. Look to your left. Oda Mae looks at the nuns collecting money for the homeless. She recoils. Do what I tell you. Yes, you can. If you don't do it, they'll track you down. Your only protection is to get rid of it, now. Write \"St. Joseph's Shelter\". With great hesitation, Oda Mae begins to write. We sense that every word is a torment for her. The nuns politely avert their eyes from the check. I'm proud of you. Come on, we're friends. I think you're wonderful, Oda Mae. She growls again. In the background we see the nuns secretly peeking at the check. One of them, wide-eyed, faints dead away. The other nun stoops down and fans her face in an attempt to revive her. You bastard! You goddamn bastard! Carl grabs his side. Old Carl had a little trouble at the office. He needs to borrow four million dollars. Oh shit! Oda Mae! We're in trouble. They want the check. They're comin' to kill you. We gotta get outta here. It's them. They're heading for the door. No they won't. I'm gonna get 'em. Whataya mean? I'm a ghost, aren't He's dead, Oda Mae. No. It's not over, Oda Mae. There's still Carl. Oda Mae freezes. She turns to Sam. Tell him to hurry! Tell her she's wearing the blouse I spilled the Margarita on and the earrings I gave her for Christmas. Gimme a penny quick. Empty your purse. On the floor. Now. Oda Mae obeys. A pile of coins falls on the floor. (continuing) Push a penny under the door. Oda Mae obeys and a penny slides into the loft. Molly sees it. Sam tips it carefully so it lands upright against the bottom of the door. Pushing gently, he moves the penny up the door until it's eye level with Molly. She watches it, (continuing; calling to Oda Mae) Tell her it's for luck. I'm sitting beside you. With all my heart. I'd give anything to be alive again, just to feel you once more. No! What's happening to me? His ghostly functions are diminishing. There is another Get out of here! The fire escape. Oda Mae grabs Molly. Goodbye, Moll. Molly's head lifts up. She looks around. (stunned) Molly?! I can't stay anymore. Tears roll down her cheek. The brilliant light intensifies. It is beautiful, like a sunrise, saturating the room with a warm, comforting glow. Molly looks up and sees it all. Oda Mae sees it, too. (smiling) I know. Goodbye, Oda Mae. (with deep felt gratitude) Thank you. Your mama would be proud. I love you, Molly. I've always loved you. Molly swallows hard and wipes her eyes. It's so amazing, Moll... His face fills with joy. (continuing) The love inside. He whispers, almost crying. (continuing) You take it with you. They are his last words. His spirit dissolves within its ghostly moorings and begins to evaporate. Molly looks up silently for a moment, her face filled with love.", "MOLLY": "Use your mask, dummy. One of the figures adjusts something over his face. Isolated rays of sunlight dance around him casting long shadows in the air. Sam, look, there's a whole eight feet up there. We have all this height, Sam. We could add a second floor and put our bedroom upstairs. That would leave all this space. For space. Just space. Hey, Sam, turn around. Sam obeys. Molly doodles on his chest, drawing a bow tie and the outline of a tuxedo jacket. Her lines are quick, accomplished, and subtly erotic. All together now. One, (they strike the wall with their hammers. The wall shakes) two, (they pound again. (shaking her head, disagreeing) You're the good omen. She glances at him lovingly. Carl looks at the two of them and grins. As the dust settles we see, for the first time, the outlines It's gorgeous. Sell it? Carl, we just bought it. dressed in a long, clay covered smock. She is in a potters studio. A man and a woman are lying in bed when the woman's husband suddenly comes home. Frightened, she tells the man he has to leave instantly through the window. He has no time to dress. Where you guys from, the New York City Ballet? With a gutsy maneuver, Molly leans out over the sidewalk and tries to grab hold of the ropes. She can't reach them. Suddenly a pair of hands grabs her around the waist. She screams. You bastard. Don't do that to me. You scared me half to death. Carl? Did you invite him? You like it, huh? Sam, you kept that chair? But it doesn't go with anything. It's okay, I'll paint it. Sam pinches her ass. Molly smiles. It wasn't four thousand. And I'd already sent in the payment! You're the ones that lost it. No I'm not. The cat begins nibbling Sam's food. Can you believe it? And the next thing I know, he's telling me his life story. I couldn't believe it. Everything. About his divorce, how he'd just arrived in New York, how he didn't know any women. And all The one you always slip into it when you get nervous. \"Yes, Ma'am. Thank you, Ma'am. Can I fondle your breasts, Ma'am?\" Cute? (looking at Carl) Do you believe this? I should have been Picasso's mistress. I should have been living in Barcelona or Paris. But no, I'm moving in with a I felt inspired. What? Are you jealous? Sam, let me tell you something. He's not even looking at me. It's you he idolizes. He doesn't see me at all... Anyway, he's not my type. Sam reaches over her and gently adds his fingers to the clay. (continuing) What are you doing? What's the matter? I can tell. You're worried, aren't you? About moving in together? Then what? The promotion? You know what? I love you. I really love you. He smiles and strokes her cheek. Don't watch that stuff. He motions to wait. Dead bodies litter the screen. Threes? Sam, get serious. Besides, you lead a charmed life. I could tell. She smiles and squeezes his arm. They walk silently down a dark street, heading toward their loft. The pavement is full of shadows. (continuing) Did I tell you what Marcia said? Six? No I didn't. Sam, don't be so blas . I'll have two major pieces in \ufffd the show. The New York Times reviews her gallery all the time. This could be huge. Eight million readers, that's who. (continuing) I want to marry you, Sam. I've been thinking about it for days. More than thinking. I want to do it. I want to jump in whole hog... (she pauses) What is that look for? Do you love me, Sam? How come you never say it? You say \"ditto\". It's not the same. Sometimes you need to hear it. Sam stops and stares at Molly. He pauses quietly. He is about to speak when A What should we do? Give it to him! Sam reaches for his jacket. The Mugger grabs his wrist and then carefully pulls the wallet out himself. Sam, No! There is a wild, all out brawl. Sam fights like a mad man. Suddenly the Sam!!!!! The two men run down the dark street, but the Mugger is already a full block ahead and disappears into the shadows. Sam gives up. Slowly he turns and begins walking back toward Molly. We can see Molly dimly at the end of the block as Sam Sam? What's the matter? Is something wrong? What is it, honey? Molly, groggy, tries to sit up. Sam reaches out for her. As she turns around, we see A (mocking him) What is it, honey? Sam bolts upright, screaming. It is a scream so consumed by terror that one fears it will never stop. Don't leave me. I need you, Sam. Oh God, Sam... Sam looks up. (continuing) I picked up your shirts this morning. I don't know why. Mr. Reynolds said to tell you hello. I broke into tears. It's so hard... Sam walks over to Molly. Desperate for contact, he reaches (continuing) I think about you every minute. It's like you're still here, like I can feel you, Sam. He stares at her, hoping, wondering. Frank, what's wrong? Frank? The cat is nowhere to be seen. All of a sudden, Molly freezes. Sam is standing right beside her. It is almost as though she senses his presence. (continuing; whispering) Sam? She holds very still for a moment. Sam watches breathlessly, loving her, wanting her. Then quietly, hopefully, he reaches out. It is a useless gesture. In a moment of great poignancy, Molly shakes her head and walks right through him. He remains Sam's address book. She skims through it a moment, but the memories it evokes are too powerful for her. She places it carefully into a box labeled \"Sam's Things -- Valuable\" and continues packing. She finds the old jar with the penny in it. It's marked \"For Luck\". She holds it tenderly for a moment and then places it No! I miss him, Carl. Carl comes over and takes her hand. Wait. Wait. Not that one. She hurries over and pulls the \"Valuable\" box from the stack in his arms. He looks at it with surprise. No. I can't do it Carl. Carl, annoyed, walks over to her. Okay. Just a short walk. He gently squeezes her shoulders. Frank, what's wrong? The Mugger holds the cat's mouth shut. Seeing and hearing nothing, Molly steps back into the bedroom. The Mugger takes the cat and throws it across the floor. Holding his eye, he gets up and rushes for the exit. Sam runs after him, but the door closes before he can get through. Hello. Yes. Who is this? (stunned) What? Why should I believe you? Why should I believe any of this? He did that? That's how he got me to go out with him. I know. Oh God. This is all so crazy. I can't believe I'm talking to you like this. I don't believe in these things. I don't believe in life after death. You're talking to him right now? I'm sorry. I don't believe you. Why are you doing this to me? I don't believe a word you're saying. Sam is dead. He's dead. (shaking her head) No. He would never say that. Sam? I don't understand. Why did he come back? Why is he still here? I don't believe I'm watching this. Danger?... What do you mean? In here? It was real, Carl. She was real. She was in touch with him. Carl, she knew things. She had a name, an address -- Willie Lopez, 321 Prospect Place. She said he had Sam's wallet. Sam smiles. Carl stands up. His voice begins to rise. That's what I have to find out. Sam wants me to go to the police. You don't believe me. You don't believe any of this, do you? You white fascist bigot. Who do you think you are? Bed Stuy's part of New York, you know. This is America. The driver speeds off. Molly gives him the finger. Look, you've gotta believe me. I don't even believe this stuff, myself. But this is real. Do you think I'd come here if it wasn't real? You told me to come if I had any new information. Well, here I am. (continuing) Don't look at me like that. You guys use psychics all the time. There is dead silence. (continuing) Damn it. I know how this sounds. I hear myself saying it and I want to cringe. But this woman knew things she couldn't have known, intimate details. Things Sam only said to me. I'm telling you. The killer's name is Willie Lopez. I've got his address. You've got to check it out. Sgt. Beiderman gets up and looks over to Molly. What are you doing? Where's your file on Willie Lopez? This isn't possible. There were words, private things. How could she have known all that? Ways? What ways? No! She was real. She said things. She knew about a sweater I knitted, about songs we sang... She knew about this place we went, Montego Bay... Molly begins to cry. Oh God, I wanted it to be Sam. Sgt. Beiderman nods his head compassionately and then turns away. Who's there? Don't worry. It's okay. (taking the bag) Oh, that's so sweet. (hesitating) Sure. Are you alright? You look nervous, upset. I didn't have time. (beat) I went to the police, Carl. Sam looks at her, amazed. Carl, on the other hand, stiffens. He laughs nervously. You were right, you know. I felt like such a fool. They brought out a file on this psychic woman ten inches thick. It was awful. The sad part is that I believed her. I believed her, Carl. (pause) It was all a sham. Why?... I was a fool. I don't believe anything anymore. Why would people do such things? Sam is devastated. (finally crying) I feel so alone. (appreciating his words) Oh God, I don't know what's real anymore. I don't know what to think. I can't. I'm sorry. I can't. It's too soon... You've been great Carl, but... I need you to leave. Please. I need you to. Lionel? He is surprised to see her and grows instantly solicitous. Lionel, a woman who just left, a black lady, about my height, did you see her? What did she want? Did it have anything to do with me? Did she ask about Sam? Was her name Oda Mae Brown? (hesitating, not sure what to say) No. I guess not. Thanks. She walks away, confused. Carl? Where were you? I thought we were having...? Forgot? I was worried. Is everything okay? Are you all right? Why? What happened? Carl, stop this. It was all a hoax. I told you. It wasn't real. She's a charlatan. (she hesitates and stares at Carl) Does this have anything to do with I was sure I saw her. Furgeson says she was taking out money. It turns out her name isn't even Oda Mae Brown. It's Rita Miller or something. Carl turns white. His eyes bulge. He feels sick. (continuing) What's wrong? (worried) Sure. Just a second. What's going on? Concerned, she hurries from the room. Sam digs his hands into Carl's back. Carl jerks forward in intense pain and begins flailing at the air. Oh my God. Is that the gas? Carl acts as if that's the reason he came into the kitchen. Trouble? What kind of trouble? Is it that woman, the psychic? Carl, what's going on? Let me help you. Get the hell out of here. I'm calling the police. No! (screaming) Why are you doing this to me? Get away from me! I know all about you. You're a fake. You're just a fake. Leave me alone! We see Sam's inside the room with Molly. He gazes at her grabbing hold of her beads. Her hand is shaking. Go away! Right. Yes, it's right on the corner. We're a red brick building with the entrance on the left side. Please What do we do now? Is Sam here? (fingering the air) Can you feel me, Sam? Oh, Sam. Oda Mae looks away uncomfortably. The Sam! Molly reaches out, takes Sam's hand, and guides it to her soft lips. Sam can barely breathe. He seems totally absorbed in the experience, the sensation of human flesh. His eyes are absolutely still and full of light. He seems to be glowing. The police! Molly heads for the door. Sam calls out. He can barely speak. It's Carl! This way! Molly quickly climbs the scaffolding and makes it to the roof. With a huge shove, Carl opens the window and rushes inside. The window slams behind him. Oda Mae rushes back toward Molly, but her foot catches on a (screaming) God almighty, Carl! What are you doing? What have you done!? She descends quickly and runs toward Carl. Sam? Is that you? I hear you, Sam. She starts to cry. Gradually, we notice that the dust in the air near Molly is beginning to shimmer with a subtle glow. To her astonishment, Sam's spirit is reflected in the floating particles. (continuing) Oh God! Sam's luminous form appears before her. Molly is overwhelmed by the sight of him. The two of them gaze at one another without moving. They know it is for the last time. It is a silent exchange, charged with emotion. Ditto. The light inside Sam intensifies. A sweet smile emerges on his lips. See ya. We see Sam's spirit rise from the room. It passes effortlessly through the ceiling and, in seconds, he is gone. The room grows dark. Molly sits quietly on the floor. There is a look of awe and wonder in her eyes. After a moment, Oda Mae reaches down to", "ANGLE": "The  Sam, Molly, and Carl are holding their sledgehammers. Molly begins to count. Suddenly, a brilliant white light shoots into the room as a host of glowing forms, radiating an intense inner light, float before us. A blinding tunnel spirals in an infinite vortex behind them. Sam is awed and confused. We sense that the light is enchanting him. The entire room begins to disappear in the light. Sam turns and sees Molly, only she is not in the bed. She is back on the street. To his amazement, he is on the street, too, still bathed in the soothing light. Frightened, he calls out to her. Before Sam can understand what is happening the entire room fills with a strange preternatural light. Suddenly he looks up and freezes. The amorphous forms he saw right after he died are floating down through the ceiling and reaching for the body on the operating table. They are emitting a powerful light. The light in the room grows dull instantly. Nurses cover the dead man with a dark sheet as the doctors step away. Sam turns to the Old Man. Raw clay on a potter's wheel spins hypnotically, sensuously. Molly's wet hands press in, shaping it, molding it. A bowl begins to appear. The camera pulls back and reveals Sam. He is sitting on the floor behind her, knees pressed to his chest, rocking aimlessly. Molly looks away from the bowl she is forming. It distorts Carl lifting a pile of boxes and carrying them to the door. Suddenly Molly yells out. The door slams shut. Sam is locked inside. Frightened and desperate, he rushes for the door knob. His hand sinks through it. There is a strange sound, like Sam goes wild. He shoots at the man with all his might, attacking him unceasingly, but with no effect. His hands and feet pass right through him. Entering the bedroom, the Mugger goes to the dresser and quickly examines the drawers. He is very neat, careful to leave no sign that he was there. He seems to be looking for something but cannot find it. on Sam's head sticking outside of the car as the subway tunnel rushes past him. There is a panicked look on his face. The look intensifies as he turns and sees another train barreling down on him. on Sam's body inside the car still struggling with the Ghost as the other train shoots by the window. With a huge gasp, Sam shoots back into the car, and wrests himself free of the Ghost's hold. The Ghost flies after him, screeching. Sam surges through the door at the end of the train and finds himself on the bridge between the subway cars. The subway Sam charges wildly at the couch and begins flailing uncontrollably at the two of them. Unexpectedly his foot kicks out and hits a framed photograph of him and Molly that's sitting on an end table. The picture Sam does not have to stand there long. Within seconds, the terrifying Ghost he had seen before comes charging at him. We notice him more clearly now. He is wearing a dark blue pea coat. There is a grizzled look about him. He has stained teeth and seems perpetually unshaven. A Oda Mae and everyone in the room gets very quiet. One of the ghosts draws close. Oda Mae's eyes roll up into her head. Then, suddenly, an extraordinary thing occurs. We see the spirit pull back and dive right into Oda Mae. Oda Mae gulps. Her nostrils flare. Her eyes bulge. A pair of candle holders shoot off the mantle piece and nearly hit Willie in the head. He freaks. Grabbing his gun, Willie runs into the bathroom and locks the door. Suddenly the hot water faucet turns on by itself. Willie is terrified. Steam rises from the sink. Willie tries to get out, but Sam approaches him from behind and appears Oda Mae closes her eyes. \"Unchained Melody\" begins to play. Sam hesitates for a moment and then cautiously, awkwardly slides his ghostly body into her solid form. We sense Oda Mae's discomfort gradually give way as Sam emerges inside her. After a second her body turns slowly toward Molly. Oda Mae's hand reaches out and with slow, deliberate gestures, Sam. It is as though he alone is there with Molly. His eyes are full of tears. He can barely move. His hand glides slowly down Molly's cheek. He seems to be in a state of ecstasy and pain. The experience is more than he can bear. He pulls back. A Sam, with great effort, rushes at Carl and attacks him with his fists. To his great shock, he has no impact. Carl walks right through him.  With one last effort, Carl lurches forward. To his amazement, his body stands up and pulls away from the window. He looks down at his chest and is amazed to see that the glass is gone. There is no blood. Excited and confused, he turns around and sees Sam. For a moment, he cannot comprehend what is happening. Molly is crouched in the corner, her back pressed tightly against the wall. She is staring into space. The room is filled with plaster dust. Slowly, emerging from the dust, we see Sam approaching Molly. He gazes at her with terrible longing. Suddenly, a brilliant light glows from behind the ceiling", "CUT TO:": "  A                  ", "CARL": "Sam, this may be none of my business, but I'm concerned you're doing too much coke. Sam glances down at his white body. They all laugh. I'll never wash again. Molly laughs. You guys lucked out. Hell, I bet you could sell it tomorrow and double your investment. What I wouldn't do for a place like this. Oh, by the way, Sam, I had to move your (continuing) Hey, Sam, relax. This isn't brain surgery you're going into. Sam, you'll be fine. You're great with people. Sam's jacket flares open. He is wearing yellow suspenders. Carl notices. (continuing) Hey, nice. I like those. Sam, not completely comfortable wearing them, buttons his jacket. Jesus, look at that, a Testerossa. That's the car I'm gonna drive when I'm making two hundred grand. He said it was contagious. Very contagious. I shouldn't be going into work today. (he coughs loudly) But what could I do? He sneezes. People on the elevator freeze. Not good. It's spreading everywhere. Everywhere. He said be sure not to touch anyone. We see people trying to inch away. Carl coughs again. They hold their breath. The elevator stops at the next floor. All the passengers get off. Hold on. Sure. Just let me have your You bet. I'll do it right away. Hi, Moll. Hi, Sam. So, how's it goin? Before they can answer, a Wow! The place looks great. Really great. \"Like\" is hardly the word. I never imagined it would be this beautiful. This is incredible. A mover lugs in a heavy old chair. Molly sees it. You? You weren't even a The Mark Greenberg and Larry White accounts. I can't get in. Your Why? What's up? Yeah, sure. Tell me, what's going on. Too much money. That's ridiculous. How could there be too much money? It must be the computer. Yeah, Mr. Fixit. (he hits the computer like Sam did and laughs) Come on, move over. Let me see what I can do. Okay, okay. Just call me when you're ready for help. (he heads for the door) So, what are you and Moll doing tonight? It's hard. It's very hard. Dave Brubeck. Newport '86. Should I toss 'em? Oh, you want to save those? Oh, shit. I'm sorry. I don't know how that got in there. He turns to the door and then back to Molly. (continuing) Hey, Moll. Why don't you come? It's like summer outside. Just for a stroll. It'd be good to get out. Molly shakes her head and turns away. Molly... you're not the one who died! Molly stops and looks at him. He has struck home. After a moment she nods her head. Thata girl. Before Sam even understands what is happening, they are exiting the loft. Sam jumps up and runs after them. Molly, there's no one on earth who'd like it to be true more than me, but you've got to be rational about this. I understand your desire to hold on to him, but this... this is absurd. Molly, you're a grown woman. How can you believe some fortune teller from Brooklyn...? I don't believe it, Molly. Not for a minute. What kind of things? Oh boy. This is getting deranged. We're going off the deep end here. This is sick. This is really sick. How can you swallow this crap? Who knows if this guy exists? Maybe she's just setting someone up. Find out? What are you talking about? Sam wants you to go to the police? Molly! Jesus! Are you outta your mind? What are you gonna tell 'em? Some storefront psychic's been getting messages from the dead? Do you know how that sounds? You're talkin' ghosts (continuing) I'm sorry. This stuff just really gets to me. (half heartedly) I'm trying to, but... Look, if it'll make you sleep any better, I'll check it out, okay? Now why don't you go (scared, in over his head) Who've you been talking to? Some woman knows all about you. The murder, everything. Where's she getting it from, huh? She knows your name, goddamn it! She knows where you live! This isn't a joke, man. You find that bitch, whoever she is, and... get rid of her, you hear me? I've got four million dollars stuck in that fucking computer. If I don't get those codes, if that money's not What is wrong with you? Is everything a joke? You were supposed to steal his wallet. You weren't supposed to kill him. Was that a joke? Jesus! (sickened) These are drug dealers, man. (pause) Don't blow this for me, Willie. I've risked my job here. I could go to (excitedly) God, let this be it! Anxiously, Carl punches the code into a computer and, suddenly, Sam's old accounts appear on the screen. A look of relief wafts across Carl's face. (continuing) Oh God, yes! Carl is staring at the same accounts Sam was examining the afternoon before he was killed, the accounts with too much money in them. Carl picks up the phone and punches a number. Someone answers. (continuing) Tony, this is Carl. I'm all set. We're fine. Everything's fine. Just tell me what you want me to do. A Molly, it's Carl. Can I come up? Sam freezes. Molly is surprised. She hesitates a moment and then pushes the buzzer to let him in. We hear Carl bounding up the stairs. Hi. Thanks. I know it's late. I'm sorry to disturb you. I felt bad about last night. This supernatural stuff just makes me so uncomfortable. I don't even read horoscopes. No it's not. You needed me to hear you and I didn't and that was wrong. I want you to know that I'm your friend, Moll. (holding out a paper bag) Hey, I brought you some Japanese apple pears. I know you like them. Listen, can I come in for a minute? I won't stay long. I've had one of those days. Maybe a cup of coffee? (glancing at her thighs) What can I tell you. It's been tough. Hell, you know. It still hurts so much. (he poses sadly) Then on top of it all... it's the (continuing) Where were you this morning? I thought you were coming to the bank to sign those papers. You're kidding. You really did it? I don't believe... What did you tell them? What did they say? (relieved) A ripoff artist, huh? (relaxing) Sometimes we need to believe. (milking it) It's hard to face reality, Moll, the hard cold facts of it. What you have to remember is the love you felt. That's what's real. You have to remember how good Sam was. How much You're not alone. You're young. You've got so much talent. You're fantastically gorgeous. Just think about Sam. Think about what he meant to you, the years you had together, how wonderful they were. Carl glides his hand slowly, lovingly across her cheek. (continuing) Let your feelings out. Almost imperceptibly, his hand moves down to the nape of her neck. As she moves, her robe opens slightly. Carl notices, glimpsing her nakedness beneath it. Sam notices, too. He freezes. (continuing) Life turns on a dime, Moll. People think they have forever, that they'll always have tomorrow. But it's not true. Sam taught us that. We have to live for now, for today. Sure. It's okay. I understand. I really do. She reaches out and takes his hand. (continuing) Look, what if we have dinner tomorrow night? Just talk. Can I interest you in that? Hello. Carl Bruner speaking. Mr. Balsitrari Oh yeah, yeah. That's great. I'll pick it up later. He hangs up. His hand is shaking. Get me the First Island Bank of Nassau. It's on the rolodex. Is someone playing with the computers? Is this a joke? One of my accounts is closed. (changing his demeanor) No, no. Never mind. It's okay. It's all right. I can do it. What the...? Carl watches as the keys seem to depress themselves and letters begin appearing on the screen. He sits down, mesmerized by what is happening. Then his face grows tense. The word (continuing) Who's doing that? There is no one there. He hears the computer beginning to type again and hurries back to look at the screen. One word appears. Ah! He hits Carl again. Carl gasps in inexplicable pain. Jesus! Oh God! Sam is flushed with excitement. Carl kneels beside his desk. He cannot understand what is happening to him. His face goes stark white as the attack continues. Then, unexpectedly, the assault stops. Sam, exhausted, stares hatefully at his old friend cowering on the floor. Slowly I'm sorry. Things just got so crazy. I completely forgot. I'm okay. I'm alright. Look, can I talk to you for minute? Can I come in? Molly eyes Carl with concern as he enters the loft. (continuing) I need to ask you a question. Molly, I know what the police said, but when you thought Sam was here, when you thought he spoke to you, what did you feel? What did he say? (very tense) Molly, that psychic woman, I want to know what she told you. I want to know what she said. (gulping) At the bank? Sam tenses. He holds up his hand as if wanting her to stop. Stomach. My stomach. Do you have anything? Pepto Bismol. What are you doing to me. Get away! Get away! You touch me again and I'll set her on fire. I mean it. I'll kill her. I'll blow up the whole building if I have to. Stay away! Sam jabs at the knob on the stove and begins to turn it off. Carl sees it move. Shocked and frightened, he grabs it and (continuing) Go on, try it again. Let me see you turn it off now. Sam, frightened, tries with all his might but he cannot twist it. Carl pulls out a cigarette lighter and gloats. (continuing) Try and hurt me. I'll kill her if you hurt me. Sam rushes at Carl about to jam his full fist into his chest, but then he stops, afraid. He pulls back, shaken. Carl stands there waiting for a blow that doesn't come. He begins to What's a matter? You believe me, huh? You better believe me! I want my money. I need that money and I want it tonight -- at You must have left the stove on. He fiddles with the dials and turns it off. (continuing) Just glad I smelled it. Molly, I'm sorry. I've got to go. Look, there's something going on. I can't talk now. Some trouble at the bank. I don't have time to talk now. What if I come back? Around I can't. I'm sorry to do this, but it's important. I'll be back. Molly is speechless. (continuing) Eleven! I'll check the building. Look out! Willie's body is crushed instantly between the two vehicles as his spirit is catapulted into the air still screaming and writhing. His ghostly form reaches out to people for help as they rush past. No one stops. Willie spins around and sees a mangled body crumpled on the Molly! It is obvious that no one's home. I want the check. Just give me the check. Molly looks down from the scaffolding and begins to scream. Don't interfere! She's a thief. It's not her money. Carl kicks Oda Mae. Molly rushes at him, attacking him violently. Carl aims his gun at her. (continuing) Keep out of this, Molly! He grabs Oda Mae by the hair. (continuing) Where is it? Oda Mae cries out. Where? You're lying! Don't lie to me! He aims his gun at her eye and is about to (continuing) I'll kill her. You touch me and I'll kill her. I mean it, Sam. Just give me the check. The gun is cocked at her temple. No one moves. Slowly the camera dollies toward Carl. (continuing) Sam, please. I didn't mean for him to kill you. It's not my fault. Come on, Sam, give me the check. Give it to me and I'll leave her alone. Nothing happens. Carl looks nervous. Sam? Sam? In a wild explosive fury, Sam charges at Carl and smashes at his gun. The weapon flies out of Carl's hand. Empowered by an anger we have not seen before, Sam smashes into Carl with a violent force. Carl's body careens into walls and floorboards. Wiring snaps. Two-by-fours crack. Sam? There is a strange, silent moment between them. Then, seemingly out of nowhere, a terrible", "OMITTED": "                  ", "ROSE": "They're already here. She points to a windowed conference room. Sam turns around and sees a large group of I know. And Andy Dillon called. He said they need $900,000 transferred to Albany by noon.", "MEN": "Arigato. They look to Sam, expecting more. Uncomfortable, he clears his throat.", "MOLLY (V.O.)": "It's raining outside. The man, running naked along the street, sees some joggers approaching. The entire contingent of Japanese men is staring at Sam. (continuing) One of the joggers calls out. \"Hey, do you always go jogging naked?\" And the man says, \"Yes, always.\" And then the other jogger says, \"And do you always wear a condom?\" The man looks down, embarrassed, and replies, \"Only when it's raining.\" Sam squelches a smile. Now just relax and have fun, okay? It's not the end of the world if you lose this account. You've always got me. See ya. He hangs up and stares at the Japanese men. A short smile crosses his face. Hello, who's there?", "CARL (O.S.)": "Sam? Molly? Anybody home? Molly looks to Sam. Molly, open up. It's me. Molly. Open up. Are you there?", "WORKMAN (V.O.)": "Where do you want this?", "SAM'S FINGER": "as it presses two buttons on his jukebox. We watch as the mechanical arm selects a record and slowly, sensuously, lowers it to the turntable. The arm hovers over the record and then descends. It begins to play. The song is \"Unchained Melody\" by the Righteous Brothers.", "DISSOLVE:": "   ", "JUKEBOX": "The song ends. The jukebox arm retracts and gently slides the record back into its slot. Sam's finger presses down two keys. We see a record slide out of its slot and move toward the turntable. We know what it is going to play.", "CORRESPONDENT": "...It is estimated that 34 people died in the crash, the second in less than two weeks. The", "ANGLE STAGE": "A scene from \"Macbeth\". Sam begins to snore. Molly grabs his nose. He jerks awake. Molly grins.", "WILLIE": "Your wallet! Sam waits a beat. She came home. I couldn't get it. Give me a couple of days. I'll go back. He hangs up. Sam stares at him in wild confusion. Carl, what're you doin' here? Sam freezes as Willie addresses Carl by name. He can barely move. Talking to? What the hell do you mean? What's going on? What the hell are you talking about? I haven't said a word. Sam is staggered. His body is shaking. Tell him you only wash dirty money on the first of the month. (casually) I did you a favor. Freebee. Are you the one that can talk to the dead? I said I need to know if you're the one. This is important. I have a friend. He died recently. Some say he was mugged. I think he was murdered. Oda Mae stares at him curiously. (continuing) I'm told you can contact people like that. Is that true? I can't wait til later. He sits down across from Oda Mae and shows no signs of leaving. Oda Mae observes him quietly for a moment. Good question. Why don't you tell me? Oda Mae glares at him. (continuing) You're the psychic, right? Then what is it, lady? You're the mindreader. I hear you've been tellin' people about me for days. What's my name? How'd you know that? Looks like someone just left. Damn! He stares at the door in total bewilderment. At that instant, a collection of picture frames flies off the breakfront and crashes into his legs. He backs away, spooked. Suddenly, the (continuing) Who's there? Who's doing that? Oh God! There is a (continuing) Let me outta here! Shaking uncontrollably, Willie Help me! People back away. Carl watches in terror. He understands exactly what is happening.", "MAN": "So, what happened to you? Sam is startled, amazed that the man can see him. You're new, huh? I can tell. Relax. It ain't like before, you know. It's a whole new ball-a-wax. I'm waiting for my wife. She's in (continuing) Shot, huh? That'll do it every time. Poor bastard. Well, get used to it. (continuing) He ain't gonna make it. I've seen it a million times. He's a goner. See? Here they come. Lucky bastard. Could have been the other ones. You never know. What'd I tell you? Bingo! The glowing forms take hold of the man's spirit and help extract it from his body. His physical form changes instantly from a solid object into an ethereal substance. Sam stares in amazement as the strange beings carry the spirit upward. They evaporate through the ceiling.", "DOCTOR": "Hurry, we're losing him. He's gone.", "SAM'S P.O.V.": "as the stretcher begins to roll right through him. The penetration of his physical space is horrifying to Sam. He stands, almost paralyzed, as the body of the Orderly intersects with his. It is a stunning moment of extraordinary strangeness as we witness the atoms and molecules of the Orderly's body passing through his. It is like a glimpse of as the ceiling lights and acoustical tiles begin to blur. The hallway grows dark. It is as though Sam is blacking out. as atoms and electrons spin past him at frightening speed. There is a sense of a universe in total chaos. Terrifying There is a brief sense of passing through a molecular force field, a miniature universe inside the door.", "MINISTER": "As we say farewell to our friend Sam Wheat, we are reminded of his kindness, his generosity, his buoyancy of spirit... The (continuing) All that we treasure, our friends, our loved ones, our body, our mind, are but on loan to us. We must surrender them all. We are all travelers on the same road which As our loved one enters eternal life, let us remember that love, too, is eternal, that although we will miss him, our love will light the void and dispel the darkness. Suddenly, Molly ...and into Your hands we commend his spirit. May he rest in peace. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen. The casket is lowered into the ground. Molly approaches the grave. She us a little unsteady. Carl takes her elbow. A", "STOPS.": "", "VOICES": "What time you going back to work?... What's the buzz on Digital? It's sad. He was so young... How's your new Honda?... Going away this weekend?", "ANOTHER ANGLE": "Suddenly we hear a", "GHOST": "Stay off! This is mine! Get off my train! This time Sam does not back away. He holds his ground. The Ghost lets fire every trick in his arsenal. Posters come flying off the walls. A bag of groceries topples from a woman's arms, an old man's cane flies across the aisle, a boy's Mets cap flips off his head. People on the train move You stubborn asshole. Sam nods in agreement. (continuing) What are you doing? What are you doing? You can't push it with your finger. You're dead. It's your mind, you idiot. It's all in the mind. The problem is you think you're still real, that you're standin' on the floor, that you're wearin' those clothes. Bullshit! You don't even have a body anymore. It's I don't know how you focus! You just focus! With surprising energy, the Ghost flicks a bottle cap and sends it shooting across the subway platform. (continuing) It's all in the anger. You gotta direct it. You gotta channel it. Cause you're angry all over. You gotta be angry here, in the pit of your stomach. Bring it down here. Let it explode. (he makes an explosive gesture) From your gut. What do I keep tellin' you? Sam's stomach bulges. He tries again. Nothing. (continuing) Give it time! What else have you got? Undaunted, Sam tries once more. This time the tennis shoe moves. The Ghost nods his head approvingly. Sam is thrilled. Since they pushed me. Yeah, someone pushed me! What? You don't believe me? You think I fell? You think I jumped? Well, fuck you! (an unexpected rage starts to build) It wasn't my time! I wasn't supposed (continuing) I'd give everything for a drag. Just one drag. He rolls and wallows in terrible frustration, tossing the cigarettes in all directions. Suddenly he looks up and sees Sam. He is unable to control his fury. (continuing) Who the hell are you? Why are you hounding me like this? Leave me alone. Can you hurry this up? My husband's in the waiting room. You should know better than to try that. It's not worth it. It'll wipe you out for days.", "WOMAN'S VOICE": "Sorry 'bout that.", "PANNING SHOT": "to a pair of loudspeakers in a storefront window. The", "WOMAN": "Rosa Santiago. Please be seated. Mrs. Santiago sits at the table. She seems apprehensive. Clara steps into the closet and taps on each of the walls as though demonstrating that they are solid. Hey, Snow, you lost or sumpin'? Molly pays no attention. Children run up to her, stare, and run away. Who you kiddin'? The Woman slams the door and locks it shut. Oda Mae looks frightened.", "CLARA": "My sister will be with us soon. She steps back out and closes the door. Louise inserts a tape into a boom box and then steps forward. Samweet? Oda Mae runs into the closet. It has a false panel leading to a hidden chamber on the left side and she barricades herself inside it. Clara and Louise stand outside pulling on the handle. They seem frightened. Oda Mae, there's a man here who says he has to see you right away. Not again! (afraid) What's happenin' Oda Mae?", "LOUISE": "Sister Oda Mae. Grant us the gift of your all-seeing presence. Appear for us now. Where? I'm right here.", "ODA MAE": "Mrs. Santiago. I understand you are hoping to contact your husband. Well, I believe he's gonna be with us today. But there's no telling about the other world. You gotta cast out all doubt. You gotta believe. Do you believe? And remember, we don't make no promises. I can phone up there till I'm blue in the face, (she points to the ceiling) ...but it don't necessarily mean Okay, let's get ready then. Sam steps back as the sisters get up and position themselves behind Oda Mae. The moment feels rehearsed, theatrical. Oda Mae raises her hands into the air and closes her eyes. There is a hush in the room. Her body begins to tremble. Mrs. Santiago clutches her chair. Suddenly Oda Mae breaks out of We got a problem here. I don't think he's in. Wait. I feel something. Did he know someone who's passed over, someone named Anna... Mary... Consuela... Maria? Ah! I knew it. He's with his mama. I'm afraid this is gonna be too hard. Now I got two souls I gotta contact. I don't know about that. It's difficult, you know. The pain. The effort. Twenty dollars. (a bit uneasy) I can feel his vibration. Yes, yes, he is drawing toward us now. I can see him coming. Oh, he is a very handsome man. In our Father's Kingdom we are all handsome. He is standing before me. He is wearing a black suit. (continuing) Where are you? Get out of here! Leave me alone! Mrs. Santiago doesn't know what to do. She begins to cry. Keep him away! Louise looks at the empty room. Do something. Help me. Clara just stares at her sister. Sam is excited and amazed. Stop it! Sam Wheat! Sam nearly falls on his face. Clara's eyes widen. She is more confused than ever. Lord, I swear, no more cheatin'. I promise, Lord. I don't want to go to hell. I'll do anything. Gimme a penance. Just make him go away. My mama, her mama, may they rest in peace, they had de gift. Mama always said I had it, but I never did. She tol' me all about it, how it felt an' all. But now that it's happenin' I don't know what to do. You're I'm gettin' there fast. (she pushes Louise's hand) Leave me alone. Where are you? (mimicking his words) \"I'm standing right beside you.\" (she pauses and looks up) Are you white? Oh God, I knew it. He's white. Why me? Louise looks at her sister and shakes her head. Why would she listen to me? Forget it, mister. I can't. Look, I don't care what you do to me, I'm not goin' nowhere. Okay! Okay! I'll go. You just shut your mouth. I can't believe I'm doin' this. I gotta be a crazy lady goin' into the city with you. I never go there. What the hell you doin' in my life, huh? Why me? Several people move away. No, sir. I did what I promised. I said I'd come and I'm here. I didn't say anything 'bout waitin'. (nervous) Don't go away. It's Oda Mae Brown. I called you last night. Your friend Sam says you gotta talk to me. There is a Hey, do you mind? This here's a private conversation. The people turn away. She turns back to the window. Sam prompts her. What about the sweater you knitted that was too big? Four sizes. You couldn't throw it out. He saw. He was there. This is for real. Hey do you hear me up there? A I'm not talkin' to you. Kiss my behind! (yelling again) Listen, I'm not gonna stand here all day. (continuing) Molly? (Molly nods) I'm Oda Mae Brown. (walking over and shaking her hand) Girl, if you think I'd come down here for the fun of it, you got another think comin'. This Sam of yours... I don't know, lady. I mean, you ever hear a whole night of \"Henry the Eighth I am?\" And he cain't carry a tune. He says you're wrong. What? You think I'm makin' it up? He says he's holding your hand. He says he's holding your hand. Molly's hand jumps. Oda Mae looks at her. There is a long, poignant moment. Sam chokes up. He says he loves you... so much. Ditto? What's that mean, ditto? Molly starts, an expression of true astonishment shining in her eyes. To tell the truth, I don't know how I'm doin' it. In fack, confidentially, nothin' like this never happened to me before. Now, all a sudden, I can't turn it off. (continuing; to Sam) Hazel eyes, huh? You sound like they'd be blue. Cause he's stuck, that's why. He's between worlds. It happens sometimes, when their spirits get out too quick. He thinks he still has stuff t'do down here. Oh, oh, now he's got an attitude. Molly stares at Oda Mae. (to Molly) We're having a discussion. (back to Sam) Whataya mean, you're not angry? If you weren't angry you wouldn't be raisin' your voice like that. Ah ah, baby. That does it. I don't talk to anybody who takes the Lord's name in vain. She stands up, as if to leave. Molly watches with growing discomfort as Oda Mae seems to be talking to herself. You relax. You're the dead one. You want my help, then you apologize. Nobody talks to me like that, (to Molly) Excuse me, girl. Time for me to go. Oda Mae heads for the door. Molly is confused. Monsieur has a message for you. You can't tell her like that. And would you stop movin' all over the place? You're makin' me sick. Molly looks concerned. Sam leans into Oda Mae. He's sayin' you're in danger. Write it down. Now I'm a secretary. Oda Mae takes a card from her purse and grabs a pencil. 321? Hey, that's my neighborhood. Oda Mae seems perplexed as she writes it down and gives it to Molly. He's got his wallet and key. He was in here. He says he was set up, that he was murdered. He wants you to go to the police. Molly stands up, afraid. Oda Mae stands up, too. (continuing) I'm sorry. I don't want nothin' to do with this. Oda Mae heads for the door as Molly watches in a daze. Don't follow me! I've done all I'm gonna do. (opening the door) I'm finished. And I ain't comin' back. So don't you come botherin' me again cause it's over. I mean it. Sam? What'd you do, tell every spook in town about me? I got spooks from out of town here. There's stuff goin' on you wouldn't believe. I can't hardly I don't. Forget it. I'm not doin' anything. You're holdin' on to a life that don't want you no more. Give it up. Dead, yeah, but you ain't finished dyin'. Give up the ghost. You're asking me? Ortisha looks at Oda Mae. She has no idea what's going on. Does it look like I'm speakin' to you? (continuing; to Sam) So, are you gonna leave or not? I've got work to do. Ortisha is totally confused. Oda Mae turns back to her. Oh, Lord! Stop! Whatcha doin' to me? Oda Mae's body goes into bizarre convulsions as the Ghost tries to move inside her. She looks strangely stuffed and enormously uncomfortable. Sam and the others watch in astonishment as she tries to speak, but nothing comes out. Get out of here, you little shit! With frightening speed, she sends the spirit catapulting out of her body. Clara and Louise jump up. Oda Mae is shaking. (continuing) Lord oh Lord, don't you ever do that to me! Never again. Never. No more, uh uh, no more. I want everybody out. Now! Ortisha and her relatives scurry out fast. The ghosts, too, begin passing through the wall. Oda Mae lays her head on the table. Suddenly her whole body begins heaving. She is starting to cry. Sam is surprised. Out! I said out! That means you, too! Sam hesitates a moment and then respectfully follows the others through the wall. I ain't seein' nobody. Willie pushes his way into the room. Clara isn't sure what to do. Oda Mae looks up. She does not know him. I beg your pardon! I'm not seeing customers right now. I'm the one. But not now. It's been known to happen. But it's not gonna happen now, so come back later. What's your friend's name? This ain't no guessin' game. Lookit, I don't know what your trouble is... (getting nervous) Who are you? Because I'm psychic. With a sudden thrust, Oda Mae sends her foot shooting into Willie's balls. As he recoils she knocks the table into his lap and rushes for the closet. We see her barricade herself in the hidden chamber. Willie, shaking, scrambles to his feet and, before Sam can He tried to kill me! Why? Why? No one answers. (continuing) Talk to me! Her sisters start talking but she shoos them away. We're in trouble? Who's we? You're already dead. Why don't you go find a haunted house and rattle some chains. Fake ID's? What for? (stopping, thinking) Help you? Whataya talking about exactly? What else do I have to do? This is crazy. This ain't gonna work. I don't know nothin' 'bout bankin'. (paranoid) I'm not givin' 'em any money. I'm here to fill out a signature card for a new account. Yes. 926-31043. Who? Rita Miller. Carl Bruner opened it for me. He asked me to come in today. (to the officer) Can I have another one please? I signed the wrong name. Sam hits his forehead with his hand. The Officer gives her another card. Oda Mae signs it. I need you to put that in the third floor file cause I got a transfusion to make. You know what I mean. (innocently) Umm, can I keep the pen? Thanks. Lyle Furgeson, please. No. I'm here for the fun of it. Tell him Rita Miller's here. Yes, Sir. Why are you whispering? What? He doesn't remember me? We were together at the Brewster's Christmas party. With his wife Shirley. They had that lovely tree... all those presents. Why, I'll never forget all those beautiful... (continuing) Oops. Gas. She forces a smile. He smiles back and then goes over to Mr. Furgeson. A long time. How are Bobby and Snooky doin'? Couldn't be better. So tell me, Fergie, how did you do on the Gibraltar securities? We sure did. Good old Randy. Got a real head on his shoulders. I'm closing an account. 926-3143. Make that 31-0-43... Numbers. I'm dyslexic. He punches Rita Miller's number into the computer. A figure appears on the screen. He stares at it for a few seconds and then punches it in again. Four million dollars?! (gasping) Yes! Four million. That's right. That's right. Tens and twenties? A cashier's check. Of course. Oda Mae reaches into her purse and pulls out a You know, if you put that Brillo pad in the freezer, it'll last twice as long. The Officer nods appreciatively. (positively glowing) I sure do. Sam rushes over to Molly. He is not sure what to do. He notices a stack of deposit forms on the counter she is about to pass. He hurries to it and flicks the entire stack, a hundred sheets, flying up into the air. Molly, confused, (continuing) Then my mother took all the money from the oil wells and put it in gasoline pumps. Every gas station has 'em you know, sometimes six or more. It adds up. (abruptly getting up) Well, I've got to leave. It's been a pleasure doin' business with you. Say \"hi\" to Shirley and Snooky for me. (excitedly) What a day! Molly sees her, does a double take, and starts to go after her. Unfortunately, Oda Mae steps onto an elevator before Molly can catch up. The doors close. Molly stops for a moment and then looks back across to the executive area. She sees $4,000,000. $4,000,000. Lord Almighty. (in shock) Endorse it? Why? No! What are you going to do with it? Away? What do you mean? To who? Are you outta your mind? No! (clutching the check) I can't. Don't you talk to me. I don't want you comin' round no more. I mean it. Understand? Friends? Friends? She turns on her high heels and wobbles away. Sam calls after her. Sam! Clara and Louise jump, too. What're you doin' here? The check? What do you mean, \"the check\". You said they'd never find out. They're comin' to kill me. (to Sam, crazed) What have you done? (terrified) Jesus have mercy. Emergency! Let us in! in the elderly woman's vestibule, peering through the peephole. The old woman is struggling and still trying to talk. Oda Mae's knees are wobbling. They're gonna find us. Oh yeah? And how you gonna do that? Sam? What happened? Dead! (she utters a sigh of relief) Oh, thank God. It's over. Who's Carl? Can't you hurry up? Problems? He gives her a dirty look. Molly, it's Oda Mae. I know what you think of me, but your life is in danger. You have to listen to me. Sam's here, too. You gotta let us in. Molly tries to slam the door but hits Oda Mae's foot. Go ahead. We want you to call 'em. You're in trouble. Let us in. Sam's death was no accident. He was murdered, Molly. Carl was laundering money at the bank. Sam found out. He's dangerous. He tried to kill me. He'll kill you, too. Sam says you're wearin' the blouse he spilled the Margarita on and the earrings he gave you at Christmas. What? Just wait. There is a period of awkward silence. (pointing) Right here. Molly reaches out tentatively. Sam meets her hand. She flinches for a second but does not pull back. With all his heart, he says. He wishes he could touch you, just one more time. Okay, damn it, you can use me if you want. Sam looks oddly at Oda Mae. (to Molly) Wait! Sam tries to go instead. To his amazement and ours he is extremely weak, barely able to move. Come with me. Oda Mae and Molly run for the fire escape window. We hear Carl yelling in the hallway. Back to the fire escape. Head for the roof. Oda Mae reaches the fire escape window just as Carl appears on the other side. She screams. Carl tries shoving the window open. It won't budge. Molly sees some scaffolding leading to the skylight. There A hand falls on Oda Mae's shoulder. She spins around. Carl is standing behind her. She screams as he knocks her to the floor. In my purse. Over there. She points across the room. Carl sees the purse and yanks Oda Mae toward it. Yanking it off the floor, he tears through it like a wild man. There is no check. He grabs Oda Mae. I gave it away. They're waiting for you, Sam.", "MRS. SANTIAGO": "Buenos dias. She takes a twenty dollar bill from her purse and hands it to Oda Mae. Clara graciously intercepts the money. Oh, tsank you, tsank you. Tears well up in her eyes. She crosses herself several times. (nodding her head vigorously) Si. Si. I believe. I believe. I pay more. How much? How much? My husband? Julio! Julio! How is he? How does he look? (surprised) Handsome? (understanding) Julio! Sam looks on dismayed. A black suit? Oh yes, yes. He was buried in that. Mrs. Santiago begins to cry. Sam looks around the room with growing disgust. Then he leans over to Oda Mae and yells into her ear. Julio! Julio!", "CLARA/LOUISE": "Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oda Mae is beginning to shake again. The two women grab her shoulders to keep her from falling out of the chair. Suddenly her whole body stiffens. (continuing) Have mercy! Have mercy! Mrs. Santiago stares on in amazement. After a moment Oda Mae's body collapses in a heap. Then, like a phoenix rising from the ashes, she pulls herself up in her chair and assumes a normal pose. Oda Mae! Oda Mae!", "WORKMAN": "I hear you. Haven't you ever heard of phones? Thank God.", "TRACKING SHOT": "When Molly turns down 131st Street, the crowds disperse and she is all alone. There is a sense of menace in the air. A group of young men sitting on a stoop watches as she walks by. One of them whistles. Molly keeps walking.", "WALLACE": "How intimate? (smirking) Okay, let me get this straight. According to this psychic lady, there are ghosts and spirits all over the place, watching us all the time, huh?...", "SGT. BEIDERMAN": "There's no file for a Willie Lopez. He was probably some old boyfriend she was trying to get even with. This psychic woman's record goes back a long way. Fraud, numbers rackets, you name it. She's a real (continuing) 1967. Shreveport, Louisiana. Forgery, selling false (continuing) This woman's a charlatan. You can't believe anything she said. They have ways. They've got a million cons. A lot of times they read the obits. All she had to do was see the word \"banker\". Hell, they even go through your garbage to find things they can use, letters, old papers. They don't need (continuing) I bet you threw stuff out, huh? It could have been anything. What about that underwear she knew all about? Molly's eyes widen. (continuing) Green underwear. I'll bet she zeroed right in on that. I'm sorry. I know this is hard. People want so much to believe. They're grieving, vulnerable. They'd give anything for one last moment... money, insurance policies. Believe me, these people know what they're doing. Look,", "VOICE": "We want you to transfer the money from the 12 separate accounts into a single account under the name \"Rita Miller\". Tomorrow, at five minutes before closing, (continuing) Call us when it's done. I'll do that. Carl hangs up. He seems deeply relieved. Balistrari? Carl, it's me, John. I've got the info on the Bradley portfolio.", "REVEAL SAM": "He is standing in front of Carl, watching. Quickly, Carl begins punching commands into the computer. He is setting up the dummy account. Rita Miller, #926-31043.", "ORTISHA": "Are you speaking to me? (excitedly) Orlando! Is that you? In front of you! I'm right here! Orlando suddenly zeros in on Ortisha. His eyes widen. (confused) Orlando!? Where's Orlando? What happened to Orlando? Where'd he leave the insurance policy?", "ORLANDO": "(screaming) Ortisha?! Ortisha and her relatives jump up in amazement. (disoriented) Ortisha, where are you? I can't see too good. Mother of God, what've you done to your hair!? Ortisha smiles excitedly. What happened to me? I can barely move.", "RELATIVES": "Here! She's here!", "ANGLE ORLANDO": "He is lying on the floor, exhausted.", "OFFICER": "Can I help you? And do you know your account number? What? (eyeing her oddly) Didn't they have you sign a card when you opened the account? Ah. The Officer checks out the name and account number on her computer screen. It all seems to jive. She pulls out a card from her desk and hands it to Oda Mae. Oda Mae stares at it. A what? (surprised, not sure what to say) ...uh, sure. Oda Mae, delighted, walks away smiling and gives the officer a wave. She is loving this.", "GUARD": "Do you have an appointment? Just one moment, please. (turning around) Excuse me? She waves him on. What is this regarding?", "FURGESON": "(perplexed) Why, they're just fine, thank you. Nice of you to ask. And how is your... family? Well, isn't that wonderful. (surprised) The Gibraltar securities! Well, it looks like we topped out, huh? (impressed) That was a wonderful tip. Well... wonderful. Do you have your account number? (trying to be calm) Well, Rita, you'll be withdrawing four million dollars from us today, is that correct? And how will you want that? Fine. Of course, you realize we're required to get some identification from everyone. It's just procedural. You understand. I'll just need your signature right here. Now you be careful with this. It's like carrying cash, you know. Thank you, Rita. I'll be glad to. Oda Mae smiles and leaves. There is a new lilt in her walk. Suddenly Sam looks and sees Molly about to stand up. Molly. How are you? Well, yes. I just took care of her. (not understanding) Sam? No. Why? No, Rita Miller. She just closed an account. Molly stares at Furgeson. She is not sure what to think. (continuing) Is there a problem?", "SECRETARY (V.O.)": "Yes, Mr. Bruner.", "LEEDEN": "Carl, is something wrong? What? Which account? What's wrong? Carl freezes. He doesn't answer. (continuing) You want me to call someone?", "NUN": "Bless you, child. Oda Mae gives her a dirty look and hands the check over.", "EXT. STREET": "A red Mustang", "INT. LIVINGROOM": "", "ELDERLY WOMAN": "What're you doin'? You can't come in here. The cat don't like visitors. She'll pee all over the couch. You wanna pay for... Oda Mae grabs the woman's mouth.", "DRIVER": "Listen, lady, I'm going as fast as I can. Sam leans forward and pushes at the gas pedal. The cab shoots forward. The driver seems shocked.", "HALLWAY": "Oda Mae standing in the hallway as the door to the loft begins to open. Slowly Molly steps out onto the landing and stares at her, nervously, uncomprehendingly. She hesitates for a long moment and then invites Oda Mae in."}, "ghostbuster.php": {"GHOSTBUSTERS:": "Final Film Transcript original script by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis transcribed by Adam Bertocci Outside New York Public Library Eerie music. Pigeons fly from the steps. New York Public Library, reading room", "PETER:": "All right, I'm going to turn over the next card. I want you to concentrate. I want you to tell me what it is. card is a star showing him card and shocking him Good guess, but wrong. holds a circle card up in front of It is a star! Very good. That's great. holds up a square card for showing him square and shocking him Ooh, close, but definitely wrong. pretending to be astonished Incredible. That's five for five. You can't see these, can you? You're not cheating me, are you? to who wants to zap him just for fun Sorry! This isn't your lucky day! You volunteered, didn't you? We're paying you, aren't we? I'm studying the effect of negative reinforcement on Well, then maybe my theory is correct! I will mister! kindly, to You're no fluke, Jennifer. to I'm right in the middle of something, Ray! Ah, I need a little more time with this subject. Could you come back in an hour, hour and a half? I'm very excited. I'm very pleased. I want you to get right down there, check it out and get back to me. Get right back to me... I can feel it. We're very, very close. to I was just about to say eight o'clock! You are a legitimate phenomenon! Outside New York Public Library As a friend I have to tell Ooh, Ray, those sponges migrated about a foot and a half. Yeah, what have you got? introducing them all Yes. I'm Dr. Venkman. Dr. Stantz, Egon. Let's not rush things. We don't even know what you have yet. They go to a smaller room. Alice, I'm going to ask you a few standard questions, okay? Have you or any of your family ever been diagnosed schizophrenic, mentally incompetent? I'd call that a big yes. Uh, are you habitually using drugs, stimulants, alcohol? No, no. Just asking. Are you, Alice, menstruating right now? Back off, man. I'm a scientist. You're right. No human being would stack books like this. Egon, your mucus. a bookshelf falls with a crash This happen to you before? So what do we do? no answer Could you come over here and talk to me for a second, please? pulls Stop that! Hello. I'm Peter. Where are you from? Originally. going back All right. Okay, the usual stuff isn't working. We'll get back to you! Hee, hee, hee! Get her. That was your whole plan. Get her. It was scientific. Yeah, it's gonna be bigger than the microchip. Ray, I'm very excited. Spengs? You serious about this catching a ghost? Egon, I'm gonna take back some of the things I've said about you. You... you've earned it. gives I trust you're moving us to better quarters on campus. But the kids love us! I see. You're always so concerned about your reputation. Einstein did his best stuff when he was working as a patent clerk! No! To go into business for ourselves. Offers I don't know. drinks I don't know. Outside Manhattan City Bank The three come out of the bank. Fanfare. You're never going to regret this, Ray! You're not going to lose the house. Everybody has three mortgages nowadays. Will you guys relax? We are on the threshold of establishing the indispensable defense science of the next decade. Professional paranormal investigations and eliminations. The franchise rights alone will make us rich beyond our wildest dreams. Outside Hook and Ladder No. 8 Page 13/75 It just seems a little pricey for a unique fixer-upper opportunity, that's all. What do you think, Egon? I think we'll take it. Have you or any of your family ever seen a spook, specter or ghost? You don't think it's too subtle, Marty? You don't think people are going to drive down and not see the sign? Marty shakes head. Dark blue hearse drives up. You can't park that here! How much? Janine! Any calls? Any messages? Any customers? It's a good job, isn't it? Type something, will you? We're paying you for this stuff!... Don't stare at me, you got them bug eyes... Janine! Sorry about the bug eyes thing. I'll be in my office. bolting out of his office I'm Peter Venkman. May I help you? Oh, that's all we get day in, day out around this place. Come into my office, Miss - Generally you don't see that kind of behavior in a major appliance. What do you think it was? Egon, what do you think? Some are people who just want attention. Others, just nutballs who come in off the street. Well, that's all right. I don't either. But there are some things we do. Standard procedures we carry out in a case like this which often bring us results. nodding Right, go do that. Tell you what. I'll take Miss Barrett back to her apartment and check her out - I'll go check out Miss Barrett's apartment, okay? knows he's said the wrong thing; groans to himself Let me. If something's gonna happen here I want it to happen to me first. Opens a few closet doors. Nothing happens. They hate this. I like to torture them. That's right, boys. It's Dr. Venkman! works a tool A lot of space. Just you? Good. It's technical. It's one of our little toys. What a crime. They're usually pretty stiff. Dana, are these the eggs? That is weird. I'll check the fridge. Good call. Oh, my God! You actually eat this stuff? I'm sorry, I'm just not getting any reading. I don't think you're crazy. Let me tell you something about myself. I come home from work to my place and all I have is my work. There's nothing else in my life! I meet you, and I say, my God, there's someone with the same problem I have! I'm gonna go for broke. I am madly in love with you. to an invisible audience And then she threw me out of her life. She thought I was a creep, she thought I was a geek and she probably wasn't the first... turning around I've got it! Page 23/75 I'll prove myself to you! Yeah. I'll solve your little problem. And then you'll say, \"Pete Venkman's a guy who can get things done!\"   I bet you're going to be thinking about me after I'm gone. To our first customer. I got to take out some petty cash. We should take her out to dinner. We don't want to lose her. Slow down. Chew your food. By JANINE's desk Phone rings. Hey, anybody seen a ghost? A pretty lady goes by. They all stare appreciatively. Oh, no. You kidding? No, we're exterminators. Someone saw a cockroach up on twelve. Bite your head off, man. elevator arrives So do Why worry? Each of us is wearing an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on his back. Hold it! Sorry. We thought you were someone else. Successful test. Yeah, we can do more damage that way. Come in, Ray. It's right here, Ray. It's looking at me. I think he can hear you, Ray. spitting out slime He slimed me. I feel so funky. That's the one that got me. they come out from under table That's okay. The table broke the fall. What? Why? All right, that's bad, okay. Important safety tip, don't cross the streams. Thanks, Egon. All right. Ray, take the left. Egon, take the right. Okay, Ray. Give me one eye on the outside... Ray! Wait, wait! I always wanted to do this. pulls tablecloth out from under table, knocking everything but flowers over Page 31/75 Maybe now you'll never slime a guy with a positron collider, huh? to Slimer Hey! Page 32/75 We came, we saw, we kicked its ass! Now, Let's talk seriously, now. For the entrapment, we're gonna have to ask you for four big ones. Four thousand dollars for that. But we are having a special this week on proton charging and storage of the beast, and that's only going to come to one thousand dollars, fortunately. Well, that's all right! We can just put it right back in there. Thanks so much. Twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week! No job is too big! No fee is too big! Ghostbusters You don't look good. You've looked better. You didn't used to look like this. to That was a wonderful rehearsal. Yes. You're the best one in your row. Hey, I don't have to take this abuse from you. I've got hundreds of people dying to abuse me. Page 37/75 indicating Sure, but I'd prefer to give it to you in private. Well, okay. I found the name Zuul for you. The name Zuul refers to a demi-god worshipped around 6000 Hittites, the Mesopotamians and the Sumerians. Gozer was very big in Sumeria. Big guy. I'm working on that. If we could get together Thursday night, I'm thinking nine-ish, you know, we could exchange information. Miss Barrett, you seem to think there is something wrong up here in your mind that I'll bring The Roylance Guide and we'll eat and read! Right, I'll see you Thursday! I'm sorry I didn't get to meet you, sir! And I'm glad you're feeling much better. You're still very pale, though! A little sun...  Janine, someone with your qualifications would have no trouble finding a top-flight job in either the food service or housekeeping industries. You gonna answer that? Can I help you? Great! How's it going down there? slaps Well, I have PhD's in parapsychology and psychology. Yeah, you could say that. I'm not at liberty to say. In a storage facility. Yes. No. Please! Why do you want to see the storage facility? You go get a court order! And I'll sue your ass for wrongful prosecution. coming down stairs We just had a visit from the Environmental Protection Agency. How's the grid holding up? What about the Twinkie? Ivo Shandor Building Lightning strikes the huge building. The terror dog statues on the roof begin to crumble, revealing the real terror dogs inside. On floor 22 What happened? to Hello? Not that I know of. She slams door in his face. He knocks again. Yes. Inside DANA's apartment Page 46/75 I'm a friend of his. He told me to meet him here. I didn't get your name. What are we doing today, Zuul? Gozer, huh? Are we still going out? You know, you could pick up the place if you're expecting someone. Is this a trick question? I guess the roses worked, huh. We never talk any more. Whoa, Zuulie you nut. Now come on. Come on. I want to talk to Dana. Dana, Dana. Relax, come on. Dana, Dana. Can I talk to Dana? What a lovely singing voice you must have. Now I'm going to count to three, Zuulie, and if I don't get to hear Dana, there's going to be some real trouble in this apartment, I think. One! Two! DANA's eyes flutter and turn white Two and a half! The voice of Egon, it's Peter. I have some news from the world of Gozer. I'm here with Dana Barrett. It seems that the Goz' has been putting some moves on my would-be girlfriend! I think we can get her a guest shot on Wild Kingdom. I just whacked her up with about 300 cc's of thorozine. She's going to take a little nap now. She says she's the Gatekeeper, does that make any sense to you? Ghostbusters over phone Oh, wonderful, we have to get these two together. Bad news, honey. I gotta go to work. Hey, will you stay here in bed until I get back? kisses her Brooklyn Bridge Ecto-1 drives across the bridge. You shut that thing down and we are not going to be held responsible for whatever happens. No! We won't be held responsible! Don't shut it off. I'm warning you. stopping Thank you, officer. Where's the Keymaster? to other jailbirds Everyone getting this so far? So what? I guess they just don't make them like they used to. Ray, for a moment, pretend that I don't know anything about metallurgy, engineering or physics and just tell me what the hell is going on. She's not my girlfriend. I find her interesting because she's a client and because she sleeps above her covers. Four feet above her covers! She barks, she drools, she claws... Let me guess. Gozer worshippers. No studying! singing So be good, for goodness sake! Whoa! Somebody's coming! Somebody's coming! Yeah, big difference! to other jailbirds I gotta split. The mayor wants to rap with me about some things. Outside Ivo Shandor Building Yes, it's true. This man has no dick. Well, that's what I heard! Well, you could believe Mr. Pecker. Or you could accept the fact that this city is headed for a disaster of biblical proportions. If I'm wrong, nothing happens! We go to jail. Peacefully, quietly. We'll enjoy it! But if I'm right, and we can stop this thing; Lenny, you will have saved the lives of millions of registered voters. waving Bye. I am going to send you a nice fruit basket. I'm gonna miss him! Come on, let's run some red lights! The cars start moving. Outside Ivo Shandor Building Page 63/75 Hello, New York! Well, hi, everyone! raises RAY's hand high Dr. Ray Stantz! Would you please? The heart of the Ghostbusters! Thank you. They love you. They love you here! walks down the sidewalk, shaking and kissing hands I like that shirt, pal! Gotta run. Got a date with a ghost! All right, We're all right, it's all right, we can take it! You gotta learn to play rough! You wanna play rough? Where are we? Well, when we get to twenty, tell me. I'm gonna throw up. Temple of Zuul Yeah. It's at the end of the hall. Remnants of DANA's apartment They go up. He's about to go upstairs. Lightning goes off. He pushes his friends on. Okay. Go ahead. Come on, go ahead. Come on. Go ahead! Temple of Zuul The Ghostbusters arrive. Lightning strikes Dana! Well, whatever it is, it's gotta get by us! Go get her, Ray! That ought to do it. Thanks very much, Ray. All right. This chick is toast! they march up to the temple Got your stick? Heat 'em up! Make 'em hard! Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown. Strike! They blast It's Miller time! Whoa! I get it, I get it. Very cute! Whatever we think of - if we think of Whoa! Whoa! Nobody choosed anything! Did you choose anything? Did you? I didn't choose anything! What? What just popped in there? Nice thinking, Ray. Ray has gone bye-bye, Egon. What have you got left? Mother pus-bucket! Outside Shandor Building Nobody steps on a church in my town! Whoa... they run and hide We've been going about this all wrong! This Mr. Stay-Puft isn't so bad. He's a sailor, he's in New York; we get this guy laid, we won't have any trouble! marshmallow man continues scaling up the side of building How? Excuse me, Egon, you said crossing the streams was bad. You're gonna endanger us, you're gonna endanger our client. The nice lady who paid us in advance before she became a dog. giving See you on the other side, Ray. fires Page 71/75 Yeah. I'm all right. I'm all right. Fine... Walks away. Comes across remnants of terror dog statue. Go check on that little guy!", "MALE STUDENT:": "Square? Circle? Yes... I don't like this. A couple of wavy lines. I know. I - Yeah, but I didn't know you were giving me electric shocks! What are you trying to prove here anyway? The effect?! I'll tell you what the effect is! It's pissing me off! ripping electrodes off hands You can keep the five bucks, I've had it! runs out of room and slams door", "JENNIFER:": "Figure eight. No, no. No, I swear, they're just coming to me. Sure. Eight o'clock?", "RAY:": "grabbing stuff off shelves This is it! This is definitely it! Did those Peter, at No, no. You're coming with us on this one! Spengler went down there and took Of course you forget, Peter, I was present at an undersea, unexplained, mass sponge migration. Arms?! I can't wait to get a look at this thing! Look! Symmetrical book stacking, just like the Philadelphia mass turbulence of 1947. Listen! eerie music You smell something? they go to a card catalog; it is slimed Talk about telekinetic activity! Look at this mess! Ectoplasmic residue. It's the real thing! There's more over here! Come on. They turn a corner. A full torso apparition, and it's real. I don't know. What do you think? We've got to make contact. One of us should actually try to speak to it. Okay, I have a plan. I know exactly what to do. Now stay close, stay close. I know. Do exactly as I say. Ready, ready, get her! Well, this is great! If this ionization rate is constant for all ectoplasmic entities, we could really bust some heads! In a spiritual sense, of course. The possibilities are, are limitless! Hey, Dean Yeager! This is a major disgrace. Forget You know how much a patent clerk earns? Personally, I liked the university. They gave us money and facilities. We didn't have to produce anything! You've never been out of college. You don't know what it's like out there. I've worked in the private sector. They expect results. For what purpose? This ecto-containment system that Spengler and I have in mind is going to require a load of bread to capitalize. Where are we going to get the money? My parents left me that house! I was born there! But at nineteen percent! You didn't even bargain with the guy! calling to them from upstairs Hey! Does this pole still work? slides down the fire pole Wow! This place is great! When can we move in? You've got to try this pole! I'm gonna get my stuff. runs up stairs Are you troubled by strange noises in the middle of the night? If the answer is yes, then don't wait another minute. Pick up your phone and call the professionals. Our courteous and efficient staff is on call twenty-four hours a day to serve all your supernatural elimination needs. getting out of car Everybody can relax, I found the car! Needs some suspension work; and shocks, and brakes, brake pads, lining, steering box, transmission, rear end - as Well, I could go down to the hall of records and check out the structural details in the building. Maybe the building itself has a history of psychic turbulence. Spates Catalog. Yeah. To our first and only customer. They toast with soda cans. Uh, this magnificent feast here represents the last of the petty cash. It's a call! Come on! Outside Ghostbusters Has it happened before? Yes sir, don't worry. We handle this kind of thing all the time! they go up to an elevator Going up? You know, it just occurred to me, we haven't had a completely successful test of this equipment. No sense worrying about it now. Yep. Let's get ready. Switch me on! Come on. I'm sorry. I guess so. I think we'd better split up. Venkman! Venkman! Ugh... disgusting blob! I'm going to have to hold it myself... Charges pack, aims and fires. Startles Slimer. He flies through the wall. Cart smashes a table and a vase. voice over walkie-talkie He's an ugly little spud, isn't he? voice over walkie-talkie Don't move. It won't hurt you. Slimer flies towards That's great! Actual physical contact! Can you move? Spengler! I'm with Venkman! He got slimed! Okay, sir. If you and your staff will just wait out here, we'll take care of it. Ballroom The Ghostbusters hide under a table. There it is, on the ceiling. All right, boys. Ready? Throw it! They fire. Slimer flies away. The chandilier falls on a table and smashes. Lobby I did that! I did that! That's my fault! Total protonic reversal. The last throw took something out of him, but he's gonna move! I need some; I need some room to put the trap down. Give me some room. We gotta get this in the clear! Okay, on my go signal. Spengler, I want a confinement stream from you. Okay? Go! Start bringing him down. Start bringing him down. You got him. Don't cross the streams. All right. I'm opening the trap now; don't look directly into the trap! opens trap Bring your streams off as soon as I close the trap. Get ready. I'm closing it, now! Closes trap. Well, that wasn't such a chore, now, was it? Lobby A crowd has gathered. We got it! Sir, what you have there is what we refer to as a focused, non-terminal repeating phantasm, or a Class Five full roaming vapor. Real nasty one, too! We certainly can, Dr. Venkman. Thank you! Hope we can help you again! All right, coming through! Watch out! Class Five full roaming vapor! Watch out! Begin musical montage. Stand aside please! A street Ecto-1 drives up. We hear Boy, I've gotta get some sleep. I'm dying. I don't? Oh, great! Two more free repeaters. Beautiful. You're hired. Ray Stantz, Pete Venkman. Congratulations. Can you help me, please? gives We could be on the verge of a fourfold crossrip! A Not good. Never met him. ... this roof cap is made of a magnesium-tungsten alloy... These are the blueprints for the structural ironwork for Dana's apartment building, and they're very, very strange. Judgment Day. Every ancient religion has its own myth about the end of the world. shivering How about a little music? What happened? Yeah. Who's the Keymaster? Cold riveted girders with cores of pure selenium. No! Nobody ever made them like this! The architect was either a certified genius or an aesthetic wacko! You never studied. The whole building is a huge super-conductive antenna that was designed and built expressly for the purpose of pulling in and concentrating spiritual turbulence. Your girlfriend, Pete, lives in the Page 58/75 We have to get out of here. We've gotta get a judge or something. Everything was fine with our system until the power grid was shut off by dickless here. What he means is Old Testament biblical, Mr. Mayor. Real wrath-of-God-type stuff. Fire and brimstone coming from the sky! Rivers and seas boiling! We might have to put a little overtime in on this one! Earthquake! A water main breaks. People fall and scream. A pit opens below the Ghostbusters. They fall in. So does the front end of a police car. The earthquake suddenly stops. The crowd comes to its feet. Yeah! Oh, it looks like we're in the teens somewhere. Twenty-two. Is this it? Where is it? Hey, where do these stairs go? It's a girl. Right! Gozer the Gozerian! Good evening! As a duly designated representative of the state, county and city of New York, I order you to cease any and all supernatural activity and return forthwith to your place of origin or to the nearest convenient parallel dimension! No. We neutralized it! You know what that means? A complete particle reversal! What do you mean, choose? We don't understand! trembling I couldn't help it. It just popped in there! I - I tried to think - stomping and screaming from below No! It can't be! It can't be! It can't be! solemnly It's the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man. Outside Shandor Building Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man stomps cars as people run and scream in terror. Temple of Zuul I tried to think of the most harmless thing. Something I loved from my childhood. Something that could never, ever possibly destroy us. Mr. Stay-Puft... We used to roast Stay-Puft marshmallows, by the fire at Camp Waconda! One, two, three! Roast him! They blast Mr. Stay-Puft. It puts him on fire which soars up to them. He climbs up the side of the building. Cross the streams... Nice working with you, Dr. Venkman. Fires. They cross the streams. Let's turn 'em on, Spengler! Oh... oh... Winston? Are you all right? Venkman? Spengler? Venkman? Spengler? Venkie! You all right? You okay? Oh. Smells like barbecued dog hair. Oh... Venkman. Oh, Venkman, I'm sorry... I'm sorry... Look! The Ghostbusters break open the statue, and Are you okay? We're the Ghostbusters. You know, Mr. Tully, you are a most fortunate individual! You have been a participant in the biggest interdimensional crossrip since the Tunguska blast of 1909!", "EGON:": "Oh, you're here. This is big, Peter. This is very big. There is definitely something here. That would have worked if you hadn't stopped me. Ray, it's moving. New York Public Library, basement This is hot, Ray. Raymond, look at this. Venkman, get a sample of this. I'd like to analyze it. As I'm getting stronger readings here, this way. It's here. Good idea. They look to working with calculator I wouldn't say the experience was totally wasted. According to these new readings, I think we have an excellent chance of actually catching a ghost and holding it indefinitely. I'm always serious. flashing a calculator Ray, for your information, the interest rate alone for the first five years comes to $95,000. I think this building should be condemned. There's serious metal fatigue in all the load-bearing members, the wiring is substandard, it's completely inadequate for our power needs, and the neighborhood is like a demilitarized zone. Do you experience feelings of dread in your basement or attic? Print is dead. I collect spores, molds and fungus. shining a head lamp in PETER's eyes She's telling the truth. At least, she thinks she is. Could be erased memories stored in the collective unconscious. I wouldn't rule out clairvoyance or telepathic contact, either. I could look for the name Zuul in the usual literature. Tobin's Spirit Guide. Did you ever report it to anyone? I blame myself. Sorry. Good idea. voice over walkie-talkie Ray? Ray! Come in please! That's great, Ray! Save some for me! Get down here right away. It just went into a ballroom! Lobby There's something very important I forgot to tell you. Don't cross the streams. It would be bad. Try to imagine all life as you know it stopping instantaneously and every molecule in your body exploding at the speed of light. It's working, Ray! Venkman, shorten your stream! I don't want my face burned off! his eyes widening I looked at the trap, Ray. shoving trap with foot; makes blue lightning It's in there. I got it! Pete? Ray! Outside yet another building I'm worried, Ray. It's getting crowded in there. And all my recent data points to something big on the horizon. Well. Let's say this Twinkie represents the normal amount of psychokinetic energy in the New York area. According this morning's sample, it would be a Twinkie thirty-five feet long weighing approximately six hundred pounds. Yes. All right. You'd better bring him inside. I don't think he's human. Ghostbusters What'd you say your name was? Yes, have some. Vinz, you said before you were waiting for a sign. What sign are you waiting for? going to I'll get it! Picks up. over phone What is it, Peter? How is she? Some. I've just met the Keymaster. He's here with me now. I think that would be extraordinarily dangerous. Good. Vinz, there's one more test I'd like to perform - Excuse me, this is private property! I'm warning you, turning off these machines would be extremely hazardous. Try to understand. This is a high voltage laser containment system. Simply turning it off would be like dropping a bomb on the city. He wants to shut down the protection grid, Peter. Clear the building! Outside Ghostbusters The storage facilities blew. He shut off the protection grid. Shit! Come on! The Ghoustbusters run. Your mother - They fight. Police try to keep order. The ghosts keep pouring out of the fire house roof. The structure of this roof cap is exactly like the kind of telemetry tracker that It's not the girl, Peter, it's the building! Something terrible is about the enter our world and this building is obviously the door. The architect's name was Ivo Shandor. I found it in Tobin's Spirit Guide. He was also a doctor. Performed a lot of unnecessary surgery. And then in 1920 he founded a secret society. Right. After the First World War, Shandor decided that society was too sick to survive. And he wasn't alone. he had close to a thousand followers when he died. They conducted rituals up on the roof, bizarre rituals intended to bring about the end of the world, and now it looks like it may actually happen! Forty years of darkness! Earthquakes! Volcanoes! Art Deco. Very nice. It's Gozer. It's whatever it wants to be. looking at No! Look! Sorry, Venkman. I'm terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought. Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man growls at them. I have a radical idea. The door swings both ways. We could reverse the particle flow through the gate. We'll cross the streams. Not necessarily. There's definitely a very slim chance we'll survive. Hurry! I feel like the floor of a taxi cab. I'm all right. regarding We'd like to get a sample of your brain tissue.", "LIBRARY ADMINISTRATOR": "I'm Roger Delicore. Are you the men from the university? Thank you for coming. I hope we can clear this up quickly and quietly. Did you see it? What was it? What?! Columbia University grounds", "ALICE:": "I don't remember seeing any legs, but it definitely had arms because it reached out for me. My uncle thought he was St. Jerome. No!", "GHOST.": "", "LIBRARY GHOST:": "Ssh.", "DEAN YEAGER:": "No! You're being moved off campus. The board of regents has decided to terminate your grant. You are to vacate these premises immediately. Fine. The university will no longer continue any funding of any kind for your group's activities. Dr. Venkman, we believe that the purpose of science is to serve mankind. You, however, seem to regard science as some kind of dodge or hustle. Your theories are the worst kind of popular tripe, your methods are sloppy and your conclusions are highly questionable. You, Dr. Venkman, are a poor scientist. And you have no place in this department or in this university. Outside Columbia University", "DANA:": "Oh, hi. Oh, hi, yes Louis, it's me. Oh, are you sick? Good. Oh, I'd really like to, Louis, but I have to go rehearsal now. Excuse me. Yeah, I know that. cutting him off Well, thank you, Louis, I'll really try to stop by. That's strange, I didn't realize I'd left it on. closing her door on him Bye, Louis. Hello? goes to Well, I don't know. What I'm about to say may sound a little unusual. Barrett, Dana Barrett. Lab in fire house And this voice said \"Zuul\". And then I slammed the refrigerator door and I left. That was two days ago, and I haven't been back to my apartment. Well, if I knew what it was I wouldn't be here. Well, of course I'm telling the truth! Who would make up a story like that? I'm sorry, I don't believe in any of those things. Okay, thank you. DANA's living room The closet. Yes. What is that thing you're doing? I see. That's the bedroom, but nothing ever happened in there. You know, you don't act like a scientist. You're more like a game show host. The words sting Yes, see, I was over there, and the eggs just jumped right out of their shells and started to cook right on the counter. And that's when I to hear that awful noise from the refrigerator. No, God damn it! Look, this wasn't here. Look! This wasn't here! There was nothing here! There was a space, and there was a building or something with flames coming out of it, and creatures riding around and they were growling and snarling! And there were flames! And I heard a voice say Zuul! It was right here! Well, are you sure you're using that thing correctly? Well, that's great. Either there's a monster in my kitchen or I'm completely crazy. sarcastically Good, that makes me feel so much better. DANA's living room Dr. Venkman - Yes. We both have the same problem. You! I don't believe this. Will you please leave? You are so odd... No. No, no, no, no, no. guiding him out That's not necessary. Okay... Right. I wonder! Right! I bet I am! Pushes him out the door. He sticks his face back in. I don't know where they get these guest conductors. Someone should tell him that it's not going to do much good to scream at us in German. Um, could you wait here a minute? going to You heard that? Oh, thank you. You're good. Most people can't hear me with the whole orchestra playing. I know. You're a big celebrity now. Do you have some information on my case? The stiff happens to be one of the finest musicians in the world! Now do you have some information for me, please? Why don't you tell me now? Hittites. reading PETER's notes Zuul was the minion of Gozer. What's Gozer? Well, what's he doing in my icebox? All right. I'll see you Thursday. Just a friend. An old friend. Oh, he's a scientist. Hello, Louis. Yes, well, I would, Louis. But I have a date. All right, maybe we'll stop by. Okay? goes into apartment Hello? Oh, hi Mom. - I've been busy. - No, everything is fine. Just that one time. - I will. - I won't. - Mom, I have to go. I have a date. - Yes. - No, no one you know. It's, um- Well, he's a Ghostbuster. Those guys on Are you the Keymaster? Are you the Keymaster? I am Zuul. I am the Gatekeeper. We must prepare for the coming of Gozer. The Destructor. flops on bed, writhing up and down Do you want this body? Take me now, subcreature. I want you inside me. There is no Dana. There is only Zuul. I am the Gatekeeper. they kiss, then go up the stairs to the Temple of Zuul Outside City Hall Police escort Ghostbusters to the Mm... coming to Oh... oh... oh... where am", "LOUIS:": "I thought it was the drugstore. Oh! No, no, I'm fine, I feel great! Just ordered some more vitamins and stuff. I was just exercising. I taped a 20-minute workout and played it back at high speed on my machine so it only took ten minutes. I got a great workout. You wanna come in for a mineral water or something? No sweat, I'll take a rain check on that. I always have plenty of low sodium mineral water and other nutritious foods in the house. But you already know that. Listen, that reminds me, I'm having a big party for all my clients, my fourth anniversary as an accountant, you know, and even though you do your own tax return, which you shouldn't do, I'd like you to stop by, being that you're my neighbor and all - Well, yeah, you know what I did? I climbed on the ledge and tried to disconnect the cable, but I couldn't get in, so you know what I did? I turned my Okay, so I'll see you later, huh?! I'll give you a call! I'm going to go have a shower. tries to open his door, but he's locked himself out DANA's living room Oh, Dana, it's you! You gotta come in here! You're missing a classic party! disappointed You made a date tonight? Well, that's okay. You can bring him along! That's great, I'll tell everybody you're coming. We're gonna play Twister and we're gonna do some break dancing. Hey, everybody - can't open door; has locked himself out... again Hey, let me in! It's Louis, somebody let me in! DANA's living room Gee, I think all I got is this cedacelacytic acid. Generic. See, I can get six hundred tablets of that for the same price as three hundred of the name brand. Makes good financial sense. Good advice. Hey, this is real smoked salmon from Nova Scotia, Canada, $24.95 a pound. It only cost me $14.12 after tax, though. I'm giving this whole thing as a promotional expense. That's why I invited clients instead of friends. You having a good time, Oh, don't leave yet. Listen, maybe if we start dancing, other people will join in. Oh, don't move. I just gotta get the door. opens door to reveal running Help! There's a bear loose in my apartment! Help, help! Help! jumps over a wall I'm going to bring this up at the next tenant's meeting. There's not supposed to be any pets in the building. bangs on windows There's gotta be in a way in. Somebody let me in! Page 45/75 I am the Keymaster! The Destructor will come, the Traveler! The Destroyer! Gatekeeper! approaches a horse on a wagon I am Vinz. Vinz Clortho, Keymaster of Gozer, Volguus Zildrohar, Lord of the Sebouillia. Are you the Gatekeeper? Are you the Gatekeeper? Vinz Clortho, Keymaster of Gozer. Do Yes, have some. Gozer the Traveler! He will come in one of the pre-chosen forms. During the Rectification of the Vuldronaii, the Traveler came as a large and moving Torb! Then, during the Third Reconciliation of the Last of the Meketrex Supplicants, they chose a new form for him, that of a giant Sloar! Many Shubs and Zuuls knew what it was to be roasted in the depths of a Sloar that day, I can tell you! This is it! This is the sign! walks away I am the Keymaster! Somebody turn on the lights! Help! Somebody turn on the lights! What happened? Boy, the superintendent's gonna be pissed. Who are you guys? Who does your taxes? I know. Felt great! Okay. What's going on? Does anyone wanna interview me? I'm an eyewitness. I was up there! Red Cross employees take him off, but", "ZUUL:": "roaring Zuul! There is no Dana, only Zuul!", "JANINE:": "No. No, Dr. Venkman. You're very handy. I can tell. I bet you like to read a lot, too. Oh, that's very fascinating to me. I read a lot myself. Some people think I'm too intellectual, but I think it's a fabulous way to spend your spare time. I also play racquetball. Do you have any hobbies? filing nails Yes, it is. Can I help you? Hello, Ghostbusters. Yes, of course they're serious. - You do? You have? No kidding?... Uh-huh. Well, just give me the address. Yes, of course. Oh, they'll be totally discreet. Thank you. hangs up We got one! slams down alarm bell on phone Is it just a mist, or does it have arms and legs? An apartment A woman watches the news as she strings her cello. Do you believe in UFOs, astral projection, mental telepathy, Here's tonight's worksheet. There's a man from the I don't know. All I do know is that I've been working two weeks without a break and you promised me you'd hire more help. I've quit better jobs than this. picks up phone Ghostbusters! What do you want?! PETER's office Dropping off or picking up? Just a moment. You are so kind to take care of that poor man. You know, you're a real humanitarian. Page 49/75 looking at LOUIS's wallet Well, according to this, his name's Louis Tully. Lives on Central Park West. Do you want some coffee, Mr. Tully? Egon? Excuse me. Excuse me! Just where do you think you're going? Egon, I tried to stop them! He says they have a warrant. Yeah, it's a sign all right; we're going out of business. Ecto-1 drives up. Police start to arrive. Egon! They kiss. He pats her cheeks.", "Music:": "Downstairs They slide down the fire pole and suit up. Page 25/75  New York City The pink streams fly over the city. DANA's apartment jammed with people waving signs and cheering. Military and police personnel yell things. The Ghostbusters wait in Ecto-1 with their police escort. go into building Ivo Shandor Building; many flights of stairs They groan as they climb the stairs. Page 64/75 gives", "HOTEL MANAGER:": "Thank you for coming so quickly! The guests are starting to ask questions and I'm running out of excuses. Well, most of the original staff knows about the twelfth floor; the disturbances, I mean. But it's been quiet for years! Up until two weeks ago. It was never, ever this bad, though! Heavens! No! The owners don't even like us to talk about it. I hope we can take care of this. Quietly! Tonight! I assure you, Mrs. Van Hoffman, there is nothing wrong with the room. It will be ready promptly, in time, as soon as your guests are with us. Ballroom to Mr. Smith, quickly. I want that door open now! Stand over there! Did you see it? What is it? What is it? Will there be any more of them? Five thousand dollars? I had no idea it would be so much. I won't pay it.", "CHAMBERMAID:": "What the hell are you doing?", "ROGER GRIMSBY:": "Good evening, I'm Roger Grimsby. Today the entire eastern seaboard is alive with talk of incidents of paranormal activity. Alleged ghost sightings and related supernatural occurrences have been reported across the entire tri-state area. New York City street", "JOE FRANKLIN:": "Well, everybody's heard ghost stories around the campfire. Heck, my grandma used to spin yarns about a spectral locomotive that would rocket past the farm where she grew up! But now, as if some unperceived authority... Ghostbusters", "LARRY KING:": "Hi, this is Larry King. The phone-in topic", "CASEY KASEM:": "Still making headlines all across the country, the Ghostbusters are at it again, this time at the fashionable dance club, The Rose. The boys in gray slugged it out with a pretty pesky poltergeist, then stayed on to dance the night away with some of the lovely ladies who witnessed the disturbance. This is Casey Kasem! Now on with the countdown. DANA's kitchen", "TV REPORTER:": "to", "WINSTON:": "If there's a steady paycheck in it, I'll believe anything you say. A tired What do you mean, big? That's a big Twinkie. Tell him about the Twinkie. Hey, Ray, do you believe in God? Yeah, well I do. And I love Jesus's style, you know. What are you so involved in there? Hey, Ray. Do you remember something in the Bible about the last days, when the dead would rise from the grave? And the seas boiled and the skies fell. Judgment Day. Myth? Ray, has it ever occurred to you that maybe the reason we've been so busy lately is because the dead have been rising from the grave? long pause Yeah. Ecto-1 drives onward. Outside Ghostbusters That's bad, isn't it? Hey, guard! I want to make a phone call! I just work with these guys! I wasn't even there! Hey! Hey! Hold it! Now we going to actually going to go before a federal judge and say that some moldy old Babylonian god is going to drop in on Central Park West and start tearing up the city? No offense, guys, but I gotta get my own lawyer. I'm Winston Zeddemore, Your Honor. Look, I've only been with the company for a couple of weeks. But I gotta tell you, these things are real. Since I joined these men, I've seen shit that'll turn you white! The dead rising from the grave! Let's go! I thought Gozer was a man. Ray, when someone asks you if you're a god, you say, \"Yes!\" What is it? What did you do, Ray? Aw, shit! Oh, no. This job is definitely not worth eleven-five a year! they run to the temple just as Mr. Stay-Puft lifts his head up Yeah, yeah. they laugh", "VIOLINIST:": "Well, I don't think the man is competent to conduct a major symphony orchestra. Uh, sure. So! Who the hell was that? A friend? What's he do?", "PECK:": "I'm Walter Peck. I represent the Environmental Protection Agency, the third district. Are you Peter Venkman? Exactly what are you a doctor of, Mr. Venkman? I see. And now you catch ghosts? And how many ghosts have you caught, Mr. Venkman? And where do you put these ghosts, once you catch them? And would this storage facility be located on these premises? And may I see this storage facility? And why not, Mr. Venkman? What is the magic word, Mr. Venkman? May I please see the storage facility? Well, because I'm curious. I want to know more about what you do here! Frankly, there have been a lot of wild stories in the media and we want to assess for any possible environmental impact from your operation! For instance, the presence of noxious, possibly hazardous waste chemicals in your basement! Now you either show me what is down there or I come back with a court order. You can have it your way, Mr. Venkman. Basement This way. Stand aside, miss, or I'll have you arrested for interfering with a police - brandishing manila folder Cease and desist all commerce order, seizure of premises and chattels, ban on use of public utilities for unauthorized waste handlers, and a federal entry and inspection order. he continues on Basement pointing out ecto-containment unit Shut this off. Shut these all off. I'll tell you what's hazardous. You're facing federal prosecution for at least half a dozen environmental violations. Now either you shut these beams off or we shut them off for you. Outside Ghostbusters Don't patronize me! I'm not grotesquely stupid like the people you bilk! Forget it, Venkman! You had your chance to cooperate, but you thought it'd be more fun to insult me. Well, now it is my turn, wise ass. On the contrary! You're going to be held responsible. Shut it off! I'm not interested in your opinion, just shut it off. If he does that again, you can shoot him. Shut it off! Hold it! I want this man arrested. Captain, these men are in criminal violation of the Environmental Protection Act, and this explosion is a direct result of it! They caused an explosion! My name is Peck! all the wind sucked out of his sails I don't believe you're seriously considering listening to these men. I'll fix you, Venkman. I'm gonna fix you! All right, all right!", "DOORMAN:": "A bear in his apartment? terror dog runs out, knocks", "POLICE CAPTAIN:": "Some moron brought a cougar to a party and it went berserk. Dropping off. You a Ghostbuster? We picked up this guy, now we don't know what to do with him. Bellevue doesn't want him and I'm afraid to put him in the lock-up. And I know you guys are into this stuff, so I figured we'd check with you. Step aside! Stay back! Stay back! Inside MAYOR's office", "PARTY GUESTS:": "", "COACHMAN:": "Hey, he pulls the wagon, I make the deals. You wanna ride? LOUIS's eyes flare red. He talks to the horse again. What an asshole. Outside Ghostbusters", "JAIL GUARD:": "Okay, Ghostbusters! The mayor wants to see you guys. The whole island's going crazy! Let's go.", "MAYOR:": "I got a city blowing up, and you guys are not giving me any answers! The Ghostbusters, all right, the Ghostbusters. Hey, where's this Peck? Is this true? This is City Hall! Now what am I gonna do here, John? What is this? Oh... Your Eminence! kisses ARCHBISHOP's ring You're looking good, Mike. gives I think that's a smart move, Mike. But I'm not gonna call a press conference and tell everyone to start praying. What do you mean, biblical? Enough! I get the point! What if you're wrong? Get him out of here. You've got work to do. Now what do you need from me? The streets of New York", "POLICE COMMISIONER": "All right. We're blocking the bridges, the roads. I mean - The walls in the 53rd precinct were bleeding. How do you explain that?", "MAYOR'S AIDE": "The Ghostbusters are here, Mr. Mayor.", "POLICE SERGEANT:": "Break it up, break it up!", "FIRE COMMISIONER": "All I know", "ARCHBISHOP:": "entering Good afternoon, gentlemen. Lenny, officially, the Church will not take any position on the religious implications of these phenomena. Personally, Lenny, I think it's a sign from God. But don't quote me on that.", "GOZER:": "Are you a god? Subcreatures! Gozer the Gozerian, Gozer the Destructor, Volguus Zildrohar, the Traveler, has come! Choose and perish! Choose! Choose the form of the Destructor! The choice is made! The Traveler has come!"}, "Going My Way.pdf": {"O'MALLEY:": "for St. Dominic's Church. Why? - I'm gonna work there. - The new assistant? And you can't even find the church. Well, all I can say is, young man,    about the window. Yeah, but being sorry don't fix it.  [Organ playing] [Organ playing continues] Mrs. Carmody, just a minute. Just a minute.  - Five, anyway. - Has it been that long? Pardon me. Father Fitzgibbon, this is my old friend, Father O'Dowd. How are you, Father Fitzgibbon? We've been friends No, a golf course is nothing but a poolroom moved outdoors. You mind if I use that one sometime, Father? Young man, would you mind... - How did he ever become a priest? Hello, Father. Mrs. Quimp and I were just discussing you. - You were? - As you know, I represent... the Knickerbocker Savings and Loan Company.  Tony belongs to a fine upstanding Catholic family. Eleven children. Sure, I know Tony. As fine a lad as there is in the parish. Police don't think so. - They don't?  I don't think you have to wait, McCarthy. Okay, Father. you fellows like baseball pretty well. the Yanks are playing the St. Louis Browns, a doubleheader. Would you like to go out and see the games with me? St. Louis is my old hometown, you know. I'll get all the passes I want. Good morning, Father. You open for business? Always open for business, McCarthy. Come on in.    a pretty good judge. You wouldn't know the kind of songs I know. How do you know? [Exclaims in surprise] - Do you happen to know Day After Forever? [lmitating Carol] And the day after forever You're my favourite song There's no thought behind that at all. We'll talk about What has that got to do with the song? Hello, Father. to tide you over. But, Father... It's all right. It's not charity. It's a loan. Thanks. I can use it. I appreciate it. I guess there's a lot of things - I'll get by. - Don't say that.  [Church bell chiming] [Boys chattering] Hey, fellas. What are we doing hanging around here for? [All exclaiming] Yeah! I used to work out with them. They thought I brought them luck. - When I left, they gave it to me. - That's the outfit to wear in a cellar. Oh, you, knocking my team. I guess you fellas wonder - Come on, you all know it. - Everybody knows it? - Sure. - Fine.  I'll give each section a note. and have a chord. Take this section first. Here's your note. [Vocalising] Got that? Let me hear it now. [One boy harmonizing] I thought we had singers here. Second section, here's your note. [Vocalising] You got that? Let me hear it. Page 28/62   chord number two, chord number three. and we can sing a song. I'll hold up the fingers, they'll be your signals. Watch the signals. Make out I'm the catcher. I'm giving you the signals. One, two, three. Ready? Here's your note now.  just as we have been? No. You're in charge now. Sit down. No, Father. Sit down. I'll familiarise you with... We can do that anytime, Father. Is there anything you'd like me to do. I mean, now? Well, then... if you don't mind, I'll lie down a while before dinner. When you and the Bishop had your little talk... it was more or less along those lines, wasn't it? [Solemn instrumental music continues] I think you better start without him. Looks like he's not coming down for dinner. He said he wanted to take a little nap. He didn't look well, did he, when he came in this evening? Of course that was taken some time ago. She's 90 now. Let's drink to your mother. Hope you'll be seeing her soon, Father. What about your mother? I don't remember much about her. and to bed. Get a lot of rest. I'm responsible for you. Don't forget we got a rehearsal in the morning. - Aren't you coming with us? - No, I think I'll walk home. I want to think about my sermon for Sunday. I've changed that. It's Genevieve Linden. I was singing Carmen in Rio and they heard me and   Tim O'Dowd? Yes, of course, I do. He's at St. Francis now. He's a priest, too. Dear old Timmy. Can you imagine that? Well, I'll have to be running along. Please don't go. Tommy, he can stand in the wings, can't he? - Hi, Father. - Hello. - I heard you. That's more like it. - Thank you, Father. Maybe it's because I'm putting more meaning into the words. Very nice. - Before you go any further... - You mean it's all in my mind? That's right. Yes, I'm sure Father is just dying to hear more of the details. They're angels. They've got something you lose when you get older. - What's the matter, Timmy? - Nothing. That was beautiful, Chuck. Beautiful.  - My pen, Father. - Yes. - Good day. - Good day. [Haines exclaims sheepishly] Yes?    burning now? It's burning brighter, Chuck. It's a long road back, but we've started. You know, I've a feeling that St. Dominic's may rise again. Sure it'll rise again.", "BOYS:": "Thanks. - What do you think you're doing? - I'm the substitute right fielder. You ought to be ashamed of yourself... playing around with kids, smashing people's windows. That's a fine fat bird you have there. We was sort of bringing it over for you. - It's sort of a present. Ain't it, Herman? - Yeah. That's very generous of you. Such a fine bird and all. If that isn't good, I'll go into the real estate business. I was going to ask you and the boys to sing a little more... but maybe you don't feel like it now. They sing divinely,", "MAN:": " Priests never have any money. - That window... - Now wait a minute, my good man... I said I'd pay for it. I told you I'm sorry. What else can I say after I say I'm sorry? That ain't the idea. What are you doing here? This is the Metropolitan. - This is where I work. - Wait a minute. Isn't that Carmen? [Laughs heartily] What do you play, ", "HATTIE:": "- Hello. - Still looking for St. Dominic's. You just wait till I tell Father Fitzgibbon. Look, you keep out of this, will you? Go on. This is between him and me. Page 4/62 I'll pay you me rent when I get it! ", "FITZGIBBON:": " is a loudspeaker system. For a minute I thought I found a four-leaf clover. Guess it just isn't my day. Would you like to see the church?    I appreciate the thought behind it. Small luxuries, like small sacrifices, are ofttimes the most godly. Bless you both. Thank you. Take it inside the kitchen to the housekeeper. Mrs. Quimp's rent? I expected you to counsel Mrs. Quimp, not to adopt her. [Exclaims contentedly] Page 14/62  [O'Malley laughs heartily] [Doorbell buzzing] I'll get it.  maybe she could use you. No. I'm not looking for that kind of work. I don't think you understand, Father. She's a singer. [Humming] Aren't you?  are you expecting to find employment? airy nightclub, I suppose.  A fine little girl like you singing someplace like that... Blue Goose or something. But you've got to start someplace, Father. Nonsense. Being a good wife and mother is a good enough start for you. stay home till the right man comes around. The right man will never come near our house. But don't worry. I'll get by. Carol! Wait just a minute. Father. It's not a bad report I'll be making. I'll just tell the Bishop that this young man and I differ. We don't see eye to eye. I'd be happier if he were sent some other place. Sit down. Father O'Malley, I've been to see the Bishop. Page 30/62 for me food. I'll eat out. We'll talk later. Mrs. Carmody will bring you something. - No. I'm not a bit hungry. I'll... - Come on now, Father, just a wee snack. I've been keeping it for you on the stove. [Laughs softly] Take it easy, boys. Here, Tony, here's the fare. I've been here for 45 years. Forty-six in October. And during that time... I've always asked you to be generous, which you have. And now I have to ask you again.  If you get the ball in the hole... - in less hits than Father O'Dowd... - I win. the number of blows? That's right, Father. Step aside. He's gonna play now. Careful. How many did you have? Three? That's remarkable. - Can you do that every time? - I've been known to miss, Father. A strong crosswind or something. - Here, give me a holt of that. - You wanna try it? tonight, anyway. Think it must be that golf. Shades of me childhood. You know, I feel 10 years younger. You know, I was thinking, Father. Now that everything is going so right... It's for the birds. [Solemn instrumental music] They're used to coming here. - I don't want them to go away. - No. You see, Father? They're not leaving. Very thoughtful. Very generous. Let's close this up. Keep the sawdust out. That will lend beauty to the dedication. And at Christmas, you and the choir will be able to... Father, I won't be here at Christmas. we're all a little better for having known him. He was always thinking of others. And that, you know, can make life very beautiful. Believe me, it's what we do for others that... [Boys singing Irish lullaby]", "MRS. CARMODY:": "The young man doesn't sleep as late as you do, you know. - What's this? - His luggage. It just arrived. Golf, tennis. And where, may I ask, is his fish pole? [Mumbling] - Does he know? - Does he know what? - That you're in charge. - How'd you know? I didn't. I gathered as much but sometimes... the things you do in haste are the things we most regret. Think it over a while. Then if you really feel you must see the Bishop... That I do. Father O'Malley! Father! He's gone. He's packed his things, everything. He's gone. - Where would he go? - I can't imagine. [Exclaims questioningly] No, thank you. Come on. Now what's the matter? If you don't mind it, I'd rather go in by myself. If you don't mind, I found you", "O'DOWD:": "  I'd like to present Miss Genevieve Linden. - Jenny, this is Father Fitzgibbon. - Good morning, Father. - How do you do? - She's a singer. [Exclaims inquiringly] all over again. I'd hate to see that crazy quilt leaving the parish. Page 44/62 and his merry men? Down in the basement. Thank you, Father. Come, Jenny. - Goodbye, Father. - Goodbye. Thank you. Congratulations on selling all your tickets. I knew your name wasn't Dolan for nothing. Fellas, if you'll come to St. Dominic's... - tomorrow morning at", "TED:": "for six months. [Door opens] [Door shuts] Page 43/62 [Humming] [Laughing] Hello, Dad. Where have you been for the past two weeks? Well, Dad... I've been in a blue heaven dancing on a pink cloud. O'Malley! A secret marriage? Well, he's put his foot in it this time. It wasn't a secret marriage. It was in all the papers. You've certainly slipped, my boy. You've lost everything. I don't think so, Dad. I think I've found something. [Exclaims affirmatively] Well, darling, I guess I'd better get dressed. I'll get it. [Soft instrumental music] You'll have to forgive the way we've been acting today, Dad. We were a little hysterical. I guess we were both a little, well, mad.", "HERMAN:": "   [Boys singing] Three blind mice See how they run! They all ran after the farmer's wife Who cut off their tails With a carving knife Did you ever see such a sight in your life", "MCCARTHY:": "Well, I brung them. Tony Scaponi, Herman Langerhanke. Come right in, Pat. - I got a problem, Father. - Yeah? Seems like it's more yours than mine. It's her. Well, Father, it's this way. Last night I'm walking me beat, see?    Come right in. Won't you sit down over here? Carol, suppose you give us your version of it? I guess it's just about like he said. Page 18/62", "TONY:": "   ain't he? How do we know? - Hello, Father. Say hello to the Father. - Hello, Father. Hi, fellas. Page 24/62  Hey, Herman! - He's got a good bass voice. You want him? - Certainly, Tony. You've got him, Father. Now, let's see, we got to divide this up someway. Don't hit me on the head. You make me dopey! You are dopey. Now keep quiet. Come here. - Look, he wants a bass singer. - I ain't a bass singer! - You are a bass singer.  What did you sing? [Tony's voice cracks] [All laughing] [O'Malley clears throat] Sit down, Tony. Okay. Everybody together now.", "CAROL:": "Don't like the way I do my hair, my eyebrows, too much lipstick. Too something or other, too long, too short. Do you think it's too short? Well, I don't know. They even object to my boyfriends. again What's that \"again\"? - I was imitating you, Father. - Did I do that?  - I think maybe I could place you. - You can? What would you think of a little general housework? Mrs. Scaponi, with all those children, 11, no, 1 2, in October. And you're willing to starve rather than push a broom? - You have a home, I presume? - No, she just left it, Father.   had anything published? No. Will you play us one of your unpublished ones? [Singing] This road leads to Rainbowville going my way? ", "BOTH:": "On the day after forever", "ALL:": "First thing you know, he'll be charming us into these things.    ", "ELMER:": "Elmer, your voice is changing, isn't it? Have to drop you down a bracket. Get here in the third section. Elmer is a switch hitter, it seems. Let me hear that second section again. [Boys vocalising] That's great.", "JENNY:": "- I did write. - I know you did, but why did you stop? Jenny? Please, I want to ask you just a small favour. Hello, Tommy. What is it? Tonight, would you be so good as to glance occasionally at my baton? Tonight, let's not race. I promise. And, Tommy, do me a favour. Meet Chuck O'Malley. He's a very old friend of mine. Chuck, Signor Tommaso Bozanni. Father. \"Chuck\"? She always calls me that. You know, Tommy... Father O'Malley was the first one to tell me I could sing. Maybe one day I'll tell her the same thing. Page 38/62   - That's a pretty good song you got there. - Thank you. - I guess you ought to know. - You bet he does. They say he's the sharpest little man in town.", "TOMMY:": "", "HAINES:": " You never get past the financial column. Don't be impertinent! Young woman, do you know how he's planned to support you? You know he's quit his job? That's all right. I'll support him.  Can't tell you how much we appreciate it. As you know... we're all going to miss Father O'Malley. He was a fine man. This is Father O'Malley, the man who sent for you.", "MAX:": "[Orchestra playing] [Singing] This road leads to Rainbowville going my way? Up ahead is Bluebird Hill going my way? Just pack a basket full of wishes "}, "gone with the wind.php": {"BRENT:": "What do we care if we were expelled from college, Scarlett. The war is going to start any day now so we would have left college anyhow. We'll show 'em. Not going to be any war? But Scarlett honey.. Wait a minute, Scarlett... No please, we'll do anything you say... I've got an idea. We'll talk about the barbecue the Wilkes are giving over at Twelve Oaks tomorrow. Honey, you can't do that to us. Well, you know Miss Melanie Hamilton, from Atlanta? Well, anyway we heard... Ashley Wilkes is going to marry her. Yahoo! Why Scarlett honey... Well, you are, Scarlett...", "STEW:": "Oh, isn't it exciting, Scarlett? You know those poor Yankees actually want a war? Ah, buddy, of course there's going to be a war. Don't you want us to have a war? That's a good idea. You're eating barbecue with us, aren't you, Scarlett? And we want all your waltzes, there's first Brent, then me, then Brent, then me again, then Saul. Promise? Yahoo! How about if we tell you a secret? Ashley Wilkes' cousin? Well she's visiting the Wilkes at Twelve Oaks. That is, they say.. You know the Wilkes always marry their cousins. Scarlett! (Scarlett couldn't accept the fact of Ashley's marriage, she rushes to find her father. Mr. O'Hara is just back from a ride.) Mr. Of course you are, honey.", "SCARLETT:": "Fiddle-dee-dee. War, war, war. This war talk is spoiling all the fun at every party this spring. I get so bored I could scream. Besides, there isn't going to be any war. If either of you boys says \"war\" just once again, I'll go in the house and slam the door. Well- but remember I warned you. Well, I hadn't thought about that yet, I'll...I'll think about that tomorrow. I just love to. If only ..if only I didn't have every one of them taken already. Melanie Hamilton, that goody-goody. Who wants no secret about her. Of course. It can't be true...Ashley loves me. Oh, Paw, you know I'm no 'tattle like Sue Ellen. But it does seem to me that after you broke your knee last year jumping that same fence...... Mr. All right Paw, you jump what you please. How are they all over at Twelve Oaks? Mr. Oh bother the war....was there, was there anyone else there? Mr. Ashley Wilkes couldn't like anyone like her. Mr. It's...it's nothing. Let's go into the house, Paw. Mr. I don't believe it! Mr. I haven't been running after him, it's...it's just a surprise that's all. Mr. I would, I would. Mr. I don't want Tara, plantations don't mean anything when... Mr. Oh, Paw, you talk like an Irishman. Mr. India Wilkes. What a lovely dress. I just can't take my eyes off it. (Scarlett enters the hall with her family.) Morning. Thank you. Good Morning. Ashley! I've been looking for you everywhere. I've got something I must tell you. Can't we go some place where it's quiet? Oh, do we have to? Melanie Hamilton, what a surprise to run into you here. I hope you're going to stay with us a few days at least. Oh, we'll just have to make the biggest fuss over her, won't we, Ashley? And if there's anybody who knows how to give a girl a good time, it's Ashley. Though I expect our good times must seem terribly silly to you because you're so serious. You mustn't flatter me, Melanie, and say things you don't mean. Oh, well then, she's not like you. Is she, Ashley? Ashley never means a word he says to any girl. Oh, why Charles Hamilton, you handsome old thing, you. Do you think that was kind to bring your good-looking brother down here just to break my poor, simple country-girl's heart? (India and Sue Ellen are watching Scarlett in Page 9/88 Charles Hamilton, I want to eat barbecue with you. And mind you don't go philandering with any other girl because I'm mighty jealous. I do declare, Frank Kelly, you don't look dashing with that new set of whiskers. You know Charles Hamilton and Ray Kelvert asked me to eat barbecue with them, but I told them I couldn't because I'd promised you. As if I couldn't get a better beau than that old maid in britches. Brent and Stew, do talk, you handsome old thing, you...oh, no, you're not, I don't mean to say that I'm mad at you. Page 10/88 You haven't been near me all day and I wore this old dress just because I thought you liked it. I was counting on eating barbecue with you two. Oh, I never can make up my mind which of you two's handsomer. I was awake all last night trying to figure it out. Kathleen, who's that? That man looking at us and smiling. A nasty dog. He looks as if, as if he knows what I looked like without my shimmy. Tell, tell... (whisper)... Ashley! Well, Ashley, Ashley...! love you. I love you, I do. Oh, don't tease me now. Have I your heart my darling? I love you, I love you... Oh, I could never hate you and, and I know you must care about me. Oh, you do care, don't you? But how can we do that? Don't you, don't you want to marry me? But you can't, not if you care for me. I know I love you and I want to be your wife. You don't love Melanie. But you love me! Why don't you say it, you coward? You're afraid to marry me. You'd rather live with that silly little Page 17/88 Who are you to tell me I mustn't? You led me on, you made me believe you wanted to marry me! You did, it's true, you did! I'll hate you till I die! I can't think of anything bad enough to call you... (Ashley leaves. Scarlett throws a vase to the wall in anger. The crashing of the vase startles Rhett Butler. He rises up from the couch in a dark corner Sir, you...you should have made your presence known. Sir, you are no gentleman. How dare you! You aren't fit to wipe his boot! Oh, fiddle-dee-dee. Don't you men ever think about anything important? Everybody? I'll cry to my pillow every night. Oh, what did you say? Yes, Mr. Hamilton, I will. Well, I don't think I'd want to wait. The sooner, the better. Was it? Yes Yes, Captain Butler, I remember you. We aren't wearing any, we're in mourning. Here, you can have mine, too. For the cause. I wish you'd go away. If you'd had any raising, you'd know I never want to see you again. Page 22/88 Oh, I guess I'd be very unpatriotic to hate one of the great heroes of the war. I do declare, I was surprised that you'd turned out to be such a noble character. But you are a blockade runner. Are you trying to tell me you don't believe in the cause? Oh, yes, I will. (Scarlett squeezes through the crowd to Butler. They go dancing.) Page 24/88 It's a little like blockade running, isn't it? I don't care what you expect or what they think, I'm gonna dance and dance. Tonight I wouldn't mind dancing with Abe Lincoln himself. (In the Hamiltons. Rhett pays a visit to Scarlett and brings her a bonnet from Paris.) Oh, oh, oh the darling thing. Oh, Rhett, it's lovely, lovely! You didn't really bring it all the way from Paris just for me! Oh, Rhett! It's been so long since I had anything new. (Scarlett tries the bonnet on. Then she diverts it, considering this is the right way.) How do I look? Why, what's the matter? Oh, Rhett, let me do it. But Rhett, I don't know how I'd dare wear it. What do they... you shouldn't talk about such things. Rhett, I really can't go on accepting these gifts. Though you are awfully kind. If you think I'll marry you just to pay for the bonnet, I won't. And I suppose that you think that you are the proper person. You're a conceited, black- hearted varmint, Rhett Butler, and I don't know why I let you come and see me. Really, Rhett? Why? Oh, Rhett, is Ashley in it? Oh, tell me, Rhett, where is it? Let him wait, I'm going home, I've done enough. I don't want any more men dying and screaming, I don't want anymore. (Scarlett runs out of the hospital onto the street, where she finds the whole city is shaking in the flame of war. Everyone is fleeing. She is totally at Rhett, ride me to where Aunt Pitty is, please. I've gotta get out of here, I gotta get out of here before the Yankees come. Page 28/88 Don't talk to me like that, Rhett, I'm so scared, I wish I'd get out of here! With you? I hate and despise you, Rhett Butler. And I'll hate and despise you till I die! And don't you dare try to stop me. I'm never going back to that hospital, I've had enough of smelling Page 29/88 Oh, bother Melanie! Can't we take her along? It isn't my baby, you take care of it. What for? I don't know anything about babies being borne. I promised Ashley, something. Prissy! Prissy! Come here Prissy! Go pack my things and Miss Melanie's, too. We're to Tara right away, the Yankees are coming. Oh, Melanie, we're going to... Melanie. But, the Yankees are coming. Oh, fiddle-dee-dee, Melanie, aren't things bad enough without you talking about dying? I'll send for Dr. Meade right away. Page 31/88 Prissy! Prissy come here quick! Prissy, go get Dr. Meade, run quick! Don't stand there like a scared goat, run! Hurry, Hurry! I'll sell you South I will, I swear I will! I'll sell you South! (Later, Prissy comes back alone. Scarlett has to find the doctor herself.) No, he can't come. He can't come, there's nobody to come. Prissy, you've got to manage without the doctor. I'll help you. What is it? What do you mean? You told me you knew everything about it! Go! Stop it! Go light a fire on the stove. Get boiling water in the kettle. Get me a ball of twine, and all the clean towels you can find, and, the scissors. And don't come telling me you can't find them. Go get them and get them quick! Chapter 6 Back to Tara Rhett, is that you, Rhett? Oh, Rhett, I knew you'd come. If you make any jokes now, I'll kill you! I'm scared to death, and if you had the sense of a goat you'd be scared, too! Oh, the Yankees! We've got to get out of here. Home, to Tara. They're going with me and I'm going home and you can't stop me! I want my mother! I want to go home to Tara! I'm going home if I have to walk every step of the way! I'll kill you if you try to stop me, I will! I will! I will! I will! Prissy, what are you doing? Well, stop it. Come and get the baby. Melanie, Melanie... It's the only way, Melanie. Sherman will bum the house over our heads if we stay. It's all right, Melanie, it's all right. Ashley's picture and Charles' sword, she wants us to bring them. Why did you stop? Oh, yes, yes, I know we can get through it, I'm sure we can. You're what? Rhett, where are you going? Oh, you're joking. I could kill you for scaring me so. But they're running away. Rhett, you must be joking. Rhett, how could you do this to me, and why should you go now that, after it's all over and I need you, why? Why? You should die of shame to leave me here alone and helpless. Oh Rhett, please don't go. You can't leave me, please, I'll never forgive you. Don't hold me like that. Let me alone! You're a low-down, cowardly, nasty thing, you! They were right. Everybody was right, you, you aren't a gentleman. Page 38/88 Oh, go on. I want you to go. I hope a cannonball lands slap on you, I hope you're blown into a million pieces, Melanie, Melanie, we're home! We're at Tara! Hurry, move brute! I can't see the house, is it there? I can't see the house, have they burned it? It's all right, it's all right, they haven't burned it. It's still there! (Tara had survived, to face the hell and famine of defeat.) Mother! Mother, I'm home! Mother, I'm home! Mother let me in, it's me, Scarlett. Oh, Paw, I'm home, I'm home... I'm home. Mr. Mammy, mammy, I'm home. Mammy, I'm so, so....where's mother? But, where's mother? Mother? Mother? Mother! (Scarlett walks into her mother's room faintly. There, in dark and quietness, lies Mrs. O'Hara. She's dead.) Mammy Miss Scarlett honey... What did you do with Miss Melanie? You better put that cow I brought into the barn, Paul. You better put that cow I brought into the barn, Paul. I'm starving, Paul. Get me something to eat. All the chickens, everything? Don't tell me any more about what they did. (Scarlett goes into the room, finding her father in solitude.) What's this , Paw? Whisky? Mr. I hope it makes me drunk. I'd like to be drunk. Oh, Paw...what are those papers? Mr. But what kind of bonds, Paw? Mr. Confederate bonds. What good are they to anybody? Mr. Oh, Paw, what are we going to do with no money and, ...and nothing to eat? Mr. Ask Mother? Mr. Oh, Paw. Don't worry about anything. It is God's hope. You needn't worry. (Scarlett leaves the room, closing the door behind her.) I don't know Mammy. I don't know. Where are the other servants Mammie? As God as my witness....as God as my witness they're not going to lick me. I'm going to live through this and when it's all over, I'll never be hungry again. No, nor any of my folk. If I have to lie, steal, cheat, or kill, as God as my witness, I'll never be hungry again. Yes, Ashely will be coming home. We'll plant more cotton. Cotton ought to go sky-high next year. More trouble than he guesses. He's finally asked for Sue Ellen's hand. It's a pity he can't marry her now. At least be one less mouth to feed. (Scarlett, Melanie and Mammie stand in front of the door. A figure appears in the distance.) Oh another one. I hope this one isn't hungry. I'll tell Prissy to get an extra plate. (It's Ashley! Melanie opens her arms, running to him.) Turn me loose, you fool, turn me loose! It's Ashley. High time you got back. Did you get the horse shod? Fine thing when a horse can get shoes and humans can't. Here stir the soup. Ten dollars. Why? What in Heaven's name are you talking about? Three hundred... Oh, my, just as well be three million. Well, we gotta raise it, that's all. I'll go ask Mr. Ashley. Well, I can ask him if I want to, can't Ashely... Ashely. The Yankees want three hundred dollars more in taxes. What shall we do? Ashley, what's to become of us? For Heaven's sake Ashley Wilkes. Don't stand there talking nonsense at me when it's us who are being winnowed out. You, Ashley, a coward? What are you afraid of? Escape? Oh, Ashley you're wrong. I do want to escape, too. I'm so very tired of it all. I've struggled for food and for money and I've weeded and hoed and picked cotton until I can't stand it another minute. I tell you, Ashley, the South is dead, it's dead. The Yankees and the carpetbaggers have got it and there's Just think I could ever forget it, have you forgotten it? Can you honestly say you don't love me? It's a lie. I could leave them, I'm sick of them, I'm tired of them... You do love me, you do love me... Just say that you love me. Then there's nothing left for me. Nothing to fight for. Nothing to live for. Yes, Why, Emmy Sladdly. Stop! Get off those steps, you trashy wench. Get off this land! Why? High time you made her your wife. Who baptized your other brats after you killed my mother? Friends. When were we ever friends with the likes of you? Get off this place, you dirty Yankee! That's all of Tara you'll ever get. (Scarlett throws the ball to Wilkenson's face. of soil which Ashyley put in her hand.) Paw, come back! Mr. Paw! (Mr. O'Hara falls down to the ground. He never rises again. Days after...) Oh, Mammie, Mammie. I can't think about Paw. I can't think of anything but that three hundred dollars. Rhett! Oh, Mammie, I'm so thin and pale and...I haven't any clothes. Go up to the attic Mammie, and get down Ma's old box of dress patterns. Page 51/88 You're going to make me a new dress! Great balls of fire, they're my fortiers now. I'm going to Atlanta for that three hundred dollars, and I've got to go looking like a queen. I'm going alone. Now Mammie darling... Rhett! On the forehead like a good brother. Oh, Rhett... Well, did you? Oh, Rhett, how you do run on teasing a country girl like me. Thank you, I've been doing very well. Everybody's doing well at Tara, only, I got so bored, I just thought I'd treat myself with to visit to town. Well, I must admit I might not be alive now. Only for you. And when I think of myself with anything I could possibly hope for, and not a care in the world, and you where here in this horrid jail. And not even a human jail, Rhett, a horse jail. But listen to me, try to make jokes when, when I really want to cry. Can what be possible, Rhett? I have Rhett. I know I have. Yes... But I do care! I want three hundred dollars to pay the taxes on Tara. Oh Rhett, I did lie to you when I said everything was all right. Things are just as bad as they possibly could be. And you've got millions, Rhett. My ear bobs... Mortgage on Tara... You wouldn't lose, I'd pay you back after next year's cotton. No. I haven't forgotten. Go on, insult me, I don't care what you say, only give me the money! I won't let Tara go, I can't let it go while there's a breath left in my body. Oh, Rhett, won't you please give me the money? Take your hands off me, you dunk! You know what I am going to say before I started. You knew you wouldn't lend me the money and yet, and yet, you let me go on. Why, Frank Kennedy! I didn't know you were. Did she, I don't remember. Have you a store? This? You're not making money? Well , you're doing as well as all that? And lumber too. A sideline, Frank? With all the good Georgia pine around Atlanta, and all this building going on? What would you want a home for? Here in Atlanta. You'd want to bring her to Atlanta, wouldn't you? There wouldn't be much help in that for Tara. I don't mean a thing. Frank, how'd you like to drive me out to my Aunt Pitty's? I think you'd better stay for supper, too. I'm sure Aunt Pitty would be agreeable and I know I'd like a good long visit with you. Oh, no, no. I thought surely she had written you. I guess she was ashamed to write to you. She should be ashamed. Oh how awful to have such a mean sister. Well, she's going to marry one of the county boys next month. She just got tired of waiting and was afraid she'd be an old maid and...Oh, I'm sorry to be the one to tell you. Oh, it's cold, and I left my muff at home. Would you mind if I put my hand in your pocket? I couldn't let you do anything like that, and anyway, it's done now. What do you mean? But you can't do that! I've counted on you to help me start a lumber business Ashley and, I counted on you. You know as much as you do about banking, and I'd give you half the business Ashley. Oh, Ashley! Ashley (Melanie walks in.) Ashley is so mean and hateful. To help me start me my lumber business, and he won't lift a finger to help me. Tell him, tell him I'll be right down, Mammie. (Downstairs.) what? I'm sure I don't know what you mean. Well, what if I had? Is that any of your affair? Oh, Rhett. I am so afraid. I'm afraid now. I'm afraid of dying, of going to Hell. Oh, there is. I know there is. I was raised on it. I ought never to have married Frank to begin with. He was Sue Ellen's beau and he loved her not me. And I made him miserable. And I killed him. Yes, I did, I'd killed him. Oh, Rhett. For the first time, I'm finding out what it is to feel sorry for something I've done. I'm glad ma is dead. I'm glad she's dead so she can't see me. I always wanted to be like her, calm and kind and...and suddenly I've turned out disappointing. Oh, you really are the most ill-bred man to come here at a time like this... I never heard of such bad taste. Turn me loose, you varlet and get out of here. Get up off your knees, I don't like your common jokes. You...you? I don't love you. And I don't like being married. You...you? I don't love you. And I don't like being married. Marriage, fun? Fiddle-dee-dee. Fun for men you mean. Hush, do you want them to hear you outside? You're a fool, Rhett Butler. When you know I shall always love another man. Rhett don't, I shall faint. Yes. No. Chapter 10 Scarlett and Rhett (Rhett and Scarlett spent a most-expected honeymoon in New Orlean. And one year after, their first child is born.) Certainly you are making a fool of yourself. Great balls of fire. I had the baby, didn't Come in, Mellie. Don't try and tell him anything, Mellie, he knows everything about babies. Try again Mammie. Twenty inches? I've grown as big as Aunt Pitty. You've simply got to make it eighteen and a half again, Mammie. Go tell Captain Butler I decided not to go out after all. I'll have supper in my room. (Scarlett sits motionless in the chair, fixing her eyes on a picture. It is a picture of Ashley. Then Rhett comes in. Scarlett hurrily turns the picture upside down.) No...yes, You see...well, I've decided-well, I hope I don't have any more children. (Rhett notices the picture ofAshley.) I know, but do you know what I...do you know what I mean? You're just low enough to think of something like that. If you had any chivalry in you, you'd be nice, like...well look at Ashley Wilkes. Melanie can't have anymore children and he...he... What does that got to do with it? It's no use. You wouldn't understand. Sorry for me? I don't know what you're talking about. Do you mean to say you don't care? Well, that's fine. But I warn you just in case you change your mind... I intend to lock my door. Why Ashely, I just... Why Ashley Wilkes. You aren't supposed to know anything about that. Melanie'd be so disappointed you weren't surprised. That girl doesn't exist any more. Nothing's turned out as I expected. Ashley, nothing. Don't look back, Ashley Don't look back. It drags at your heart till...till you can't do anything but look back. Oh, Who is it? Come in. I've got a headache, Rhett. You go without me and make my excuses to Melanie. Has India... You should have killed them for spreading lies. I won't go! I can't go until this misunderstanding is cleared up. There was nothing wrong. India hates me, so I can't go, Rhett. I couldn't face her. But Rhett, you can't... Oh, Rhett, don't leave me, don't! Yes, yes. Now Mammie be sure and leave word. If Captian Butler asks for me when he comes back, I'm asleep. I didn't want to drink. I heard a noise and... I do not. You're drunk and I'm going to bed. I will not listen. If you weren't so drunk and insulting, I could explain everything. As it is though... Rhett you... Take your hands off me, you drunken fool. I'm not cornered. You'll never corner me, Rhett Butler, or frighten me. You've lived in dirt so long you can't understand anything else. And you're jealous of something you can't understand. Good night. (Sing) ...Oh, she went with delight when he gave her a smile, and trembled with yet his frown... Oh, but Rhett... You needn't bother to apologize, nothing you ever do surprises me. Thank you very much, but I wouldn't dream of disgracing the family with a divorce. Will you please go now and leave me alone. Oh... You'll never take my child out of this house. Bonnie! Bonnie! Bonnie\u00a1\u00adBonnie baby...darling baby...you glad to be home? You go out and see your pony. Mammie said you'd come back. You mean you're going away again? If I'm pale, it's your fault. Not because I've been missing you, but because... It's because I'm going to have a baby. You know it's yours. I don't want it any more than you do. No woman would want the child of a cad like you. I wish it were, I wish it were anybody's child but yours! Our life together? When did we ever have a life together? What is there to make us happy now? When did you discover that? Well, then just what do you want me to do ? Give up the mill? Well why should Melanie, always Melanie. If you'd only think a little more about me. I know what you're thinking. And don't try and bring Bonnie into this. You're the one who's taking her away from me. You've done everything possible to make her love you and not me. Why, she's so spoiled now, that... We're watching, darling! You're mighty pretty precious. Don't let her do it Rhett... Rhett, stop her. Just like Paw\u00a1\u00ad Just like Paw!! It's me, Mellie. What about...Ashley, Mellie? I will, Mellie. Good night. What else, Mellie? Yes, Mellie. (Melanie passes away. Scarlett comforts the heart- broken Ashley, neglecting the existence of Rhett Butler, who couldn't bear to see the scene, leaves. But suddenly Scarlett sees the fact, she doesn't love Ashley anymore. So she goes to look for Rhett Rhett, wait for me! Rhett, wait for me! Rhett! Rhett! (Outside the restroom.) Rhett! Oh, how can you say such things. You know how I loved her really. Of course I appreciated her. She thought of everybody except herself. Why her last words were about you. Page 84/88 She said, be kind to Captain Butler, he loves you so. What do you mean? What are you doing? No! No, you're wrong! Terribly wrong! I don't want a divorce. Oh Rhett, when I knew tonight, when I knew I loved you, I ran home to tell you, oh darling, darling! This last? Oh Rhett, do listen to me. I must have loved you for years only I was such a stupid fool I didn't know it. Please believe me. You must care! Mellie said you did! I was so glad to see you, I was Rhett, but, but you were so nasty! I wanted you. I wanted you desperately, but I didn't think you wanted me! Oh, Rhett, Rhett, please don't say that. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry for everything. Rhett, Rhett where are you going? Please, please take me with you. No. I only know that I love you. Rhett! If you go, where shall I go? What shall I do? I can't let him go. I can't. There must be some way to bring him back. Oh, I can't think about that now. I'll go crazy if I do, I...I'll think about it tomorrow. I must think about it. I must think about it. What is there to do? What is there that matters? (The words other father and Ashley thunder in her Tara! Home. I'll go home. And I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day! (The end) Page 88/88", "JOHN WILKES:": "So it seems, Gerald. Why isn't Mrs. O'Hara with you? Mr. Oh, India, here are the O'Hara girls, we must greet them. Now, now, that's your brother's business. You must remember your duties as hostess. Good morning, girls! You look lovely. Good morning, Scarlett.", "INDIA:": "Welcome to Twelve Oaks, Mr. O'Hara. Mr. Can't stand that Scarlett. If you'd see the way she throws herself at Ashley. You needn't be so amused, look at her. She's after your beau now.", "MANS:": "Morning Miss Scarlett. Howdy, Miss Scarlett. That's what I'll think! They'll just turn and run every time. Yes, gentlemen always fight better than rattle. Mr. You can't mean that you don't want war.", "ASHLEY:": "Scarlett! My dear! Yes I'd like to, but... I've something to tell you, too. Something She's been looking forward to seeing you again. Melanie! Here's Scarlett. We'll keep her here, won't we, Scarlett? Nobody could accuse Melanie of being insincere. Could they, my dear? Happy? You seem to belong here. As if it had all been imagined for you. You love Twelve Oaks as I do. And so unaware that it may not last, forever. Well, gentlemen...if Georgia fights, I go with her. But like my father I hope that the Yankees let us Page 13/88 Most of the miseries of the world were caused by wars. And when the wars were over, no one ever knew what they were about. Mr. Not quite that Charles. He just refused to take advantage of you. No, no, no, please, don't go tweaking his nose anymore. You may be needed for more important fighting, Charles. Now if you'll excuse me, Mr. Butler's our guest... I think I'll just show him around. (Ashley leaves the hall with intention of walking Scarlett...who are you hiding from here?...What are you up to? Why aren't you upstairs resting with the other girls? What is this, Scarlett? A secret? Scarlett... Well, isn't it enough that you gathered every other man's heart today? You always had mine. You cut your teeth on it. Yes, I care. Oh can't we go away and forget we ever said these things? Oh my dear, why must you make me say things that will hurt you? How can I make you understand? You're so young and I'm thinking, you don't know what marriage means. She's like me, Scarlett. She's part of my blood, we understand each other. How could I help loving you? You have all the passion for life that I lack. But that kind of love isn't enough to make a successful marriage for two people who are as different as we are. You mustn't say things like that about Melanie. Now Scarlett, be fair. I never at any time... They say Abe Lincoln got his start splitting rails. Just think what heights I may climb to once I get the knack. What do you think becomes of people when their civilization breaks up? Those who have brains and courage come through all right. Those who haven't are winnowed out. Page 46/88 You're right, Scarlett. Here I am talking tummy-rot about civilization, when your Tara's in danger. You come to me for help and I have no help to give you. Oh, Scarlett, I'm a coward. Oh, mostly of life becoming too real for me, I suppose. Not that I mind splitting rails. But I do mind very much losing the beauty of that, that life I loved. If the war hadn't come, I'd have spent my life happily buried at Twelve Oaks. But the war did come. I saw my boyhood friends blown to bits. I saw men Can't we ever forget that day at Twelve Oaks? No, I Even if it is a lie, do you think that I could go off and leave Melanie and the baby? Break Melanie's heart? Scarlett, are you mad? You couldn't leave your father and the girls. Yes, you sick and tired, that's why you're talking this way. You've carried the load for all of us. But from now on, I'm going to be more help to you, I promise. No don't, don't! We won't do this, I tell you, we won't do it. It won't happen again, I'm going to take Melanie and the baby and go. All right, I'll say it. I love your courage and your stubbornness. I love them so much that a moment ago I could have forgotten the best wife a man ever had. But Scarlett, I'm not going to forget her. Yes, there is something. Something you love better than me, though you may not know it, Tara. (Ashley puts into Scarlett's hands some soil.) It's all my fault. I should have committed highway robbery to get that tax money for you. Yes, it's done now. You wouldn't let me do anything dishonorable yet you'd sell yourself in marriage to a man you didn't love. Well, at least you won't have to worry about my helplessness anymore. I'm going to New York. I've arranged to get a position in a bank there. Scareltt, I wouldn't be any good to you, I don't know anything about the lumber business. That's generous of you Scarlett. But it isn't that. If I go to Atlanta and take help from you again, I'd bury forever any hope of standing alone. No Scarlett. She, she wanted me to go to Atlanta. All right, Melanie. I'll go to Atlanta. I can't fight you both. (Months passed. The lumber business is a great success. But good times don't last long. Frank Kennedy died in a fight against some tramps, for their insult on Scarlett. Scarlett is very sad.) Why Scarlett. What are you doing downtown this time of day? Why aren't you helping Mellie get ready for my surprise birthday party? I won't let her down. I'll be the most suprised man in Atlanta. Well as long as you're here, let me show you the books. So you can see just how bad a businessman I really am. The figures are well lost when the bonnet's as pretty as that one. Scarlett, you know you get prettier all the time. You haven't changed a bit since the day of our last barbecue at Twelve Oaks. When you sat under a tree surrounded by dozens of beaus. I didn't mean to make you sad my dear. I never want you to be anything but completely happy. (Ashley hugs sad Scarlett. Mrs. Meade and India happen to enter the room. Seeing this, they leave, wordless and disgusted. Scarlett is now back at home, lying in the bed.) Good evening, Miss Scarlett. Something you love better than me, though you may not know it. Mr. Tara, the red earth of Tara. Mr. Something you love better than me, though you may not know it, Tara. Mr. ... the red earth of Tara. Mr. something you love better than me... Mr.", "MELANIE:": "I hope I shall stay long enough for us to become real friends, Scarlett. I do so want us to be. Oh, Scarlett. You have so much life. I've always admired you so, I wish I could be more like you. Ashley.. So happy. I like to feel that I belong to the things you love. Yes, Ashley. I love it as, as more than a house. It's a whole world that wants only to be graceful and beautiful. You're afraid of what may happen when the war conies, aren't you? Well, we don't have to be afraid. For us. No war can come into our world Ashley. Whatever comes, I'll love you, just as I do now. Until I die. Page 12/88 Scarlett. I thought of you at our wedding yesterday and I hope that yours would be as beautiful. And it was. Captain Butler, such a pleasure to see you again. I met you last at my husband's home. Did you meet Captain Butler at Twelve Oaks, Scarlett? Just a moment, please. It may help my husband more, off my finger. Scarlett! Scarlett! I'm sorry to be such a bother, Scarlett. It'll begin at daybreak. Poor Scarlett...you'd be at Tara now with your mother, wouldn't you? If it weren't for me...Oh, Scarlett darling, you've been so good to me. No sister could have been sweeter. I've been lying here thinking, if I should die, will you take my baby? Not yet, Scarlett. I couldn't let Dr. Meade sit here for hours while, while all those poor, badly wounded boys... Tara... No... There, there.... little baby.. I think so. Oh, Ashley.. Charles! Ashely will be coming home. Scarlett, what seems to be the trouble with Mr. Kennedy? Oh, I'm so glad. Ashley! Ashley! She did it to save Tara, you must understand that, Sue Ellen. Scarlett. Scarlett, what is it? (to Ashley What have you done? Why how un-chivalrous of you. Why think Ashley, think. If it hadn't of been for Scarlett, I'd have died in Atlanta, and maybe we wouldn't have had little Beau, and, when I think of picking cotton and plowing just to keep food in our mouths, I could just, oh, my darling! But Captain Butler, most babies have blue eyes when they're born. As blue as the bonnie blue flag. What a lovely dress, Scarlett darling! India wasn't able to come tonight. Will you be an angel? I do need you to help me receive my guests. Mrs. Meade, here's our darling Scarlett. Mrs. Ashley, aren't you going to get our Scarlett a glass of punch? (Tara, Scarlett in her room.) Yes'm. (Scarlett can not fall asleep, so many things happen, she sneaks downstairs and wants to have a drink. And she finds Rhett is already there, half- drunk.) Promise me. Ashley...Ashley and you... Look after him for me. Just as you looked after me for him. Look after him. But never let him know. Captain Butler...be kind to him...he loves you so... She said, she asked me to look after Ashley too.", "CHARLES HAMILTON": "But, oh. Miss O'Hara... I won't, Miss O'Hara. I couldn't!", "ELLEN:": "Look at Scarlett, she's never even noticed Charles before, now just because he's your beau, she's after him like a hornet!", "FRANK:": "Oh, thank you, thank you, Miss Scarlett. Oh, that's mighty flattering of you, Miss Scarlett. I'll see what I can do, Miss Scarlett. Surely it can't be Miss Scarlett! And Mammie... I didn't know you were in Atlanta. Didn't Miss Sue Ellen tell you about my store? Won't you come in, look around a bit? (Into the store) I don't suppose it looks like much to a lady, but I can't help being proud of it. Yes, I am. Miss Scarlett. I'm no millionaire yet, but I have cleared a thousand dollars already. Well, that's only a sideline. Well, all that takes money, Miss Scarlett, and, I got to be thinking about buying a home. For Miss Sue Ellen and me to set up housekeeping. I don't rightly know what you mean, Miss Scarlett. Oh, you act on me just like a tonic, Miss Scarlett. And will you tell me all the news, all the news of Miss Sue Ellen? What's the matter, Miss Scarlett? Miss Sue Ellen's not ill, is she? You must tell me, Miss Scarlett. Don't leave me on the tenderhooks.", "KATHLEEN:": "What's your sister so mad about, Scarlett, you sparking her beau? Who? My dear, don't you know? That's Rhett Butler. He's from Charleston. He has the most terrible reputation. How? But my dear, he isn't received. He's had to spend most of his time up North because his folks in Charleston won't even speak to him. He was expelled from West Point, he's so fast. And then there's that business about that girl he wouldn't marry... No, but she was ruined just the same. (Ashley and Melanie, on the balcony open to the garden.)", "MAN:": "That's right. Mr. What difference does that make, sir, to a gentleman? That's treacherous! Well, that's just about what you could expect from somebody like Rhett Butler. Mr. Ladies, the Confederacy asks for your jewelry on behalf of our noble cause. Page 21/88 Thank you, Captain Butler. But, it's your wedding ring, ma'am. Thank you. Melanie. I need your approval as a member of the committee with something we want to do, that's rather shocking. Will you excuse us, please? Sir, there's a lady to see Captain Butler. Says she's your sister. No, Major, she ain't one of those. This one's got her mammie with her.", "CHORUS:": "You're right!", "CHARLES:": "What do you mean, sir? Are you hinting, Mr. Butler, that the Yankees can lick us? I refuse to listen to any renegade talk! Apologies aren't enough sir. I hear you were turned out of West Point Mr. Rhett Butler. And that you aren't received in an decent family in Charleston. Not even your own. He refused to fight. Take advantage of me? Well, I'll show him. Miss 0' Hara! Miss 0' Hara, isn't it thrilling? Mr. Lincoln has called the soldiers, volunteers to fight against us. But it's war, Miss O'Hara! And everybody's going off to enlist, they're going right away. I'm going, too! Oh, Miss O'Hara, will you be sorry? To see us go, I mean. Miss O'Hara, I said, would you marry me? You will, you'll marry me? You'll wait for me? You mean you'll marry me before I go? Oh, Miss O'Hara...Scarlett...when may I speak to your father? I'll go now, I can't wait. Will you excuse me? Dear? (The day after Melanie and Ashley's wedding, Scarlett marries Charles Hamilton.) Don't cry darling. The war will be over in a few weeks and I'll be coming back to you. Chapter 4 Scarlett's Second Contact with Butler (Charles died at the front, but Scarlett is not at all sad. She goes to the donation party with Melanie, wearing black.)", "RHETT:": "Has the war started? In the middle of that beautiful love scene? That wouldn't have been very tactful, would it? But don't worry. Your secret is safe with me. And you miss are no lady. Don't think that I hold that against you. Ladies have never held any charm for me. I meant it as a compliment. And I hope to see more of you when you're free of the spell of the elegant Mr. Wilkes. He doesn't strike me as half good enough for a girl of your...what was it...your passion for living? And you were going to hate him for the rest of your life. Chapter 3 Scarlett Marrying Charles (Outside, there's chaos. Gentlemen, including Ashley, are leaving for the call of war.) That's kind of you to remember, Mrs. Wilkes. Only for a moment, Mrs. Hamilton, it was in the library. You, uh, had broken something. Wait. On behalf of Mrs. Wilkes and Mrs. Hamilton. It was a very beautiful thing to do, Mrs. Wilkes. And you Mrs. Hamilton. I know just how much that means to you. I'll say one thing. The war makes the most peculiar widows. Now, why be silly? You've no reason for hating me. I'll carry your guilty secret to my grave. I can't bear to take advantage of your little girl's ideas, Miss O'Hara. I am neither noble nor heroic. For profit. And profit only. I believe in Rhett Butler. He's the only cause I know. The rest doesn't mean much to me. One hundred and fifty dollars in gold. For Mrs. Charles Hamilton. Mrs. Charles Hamilton. But talk to me. I said Mrs. Charles Hamilton. We've sort of shocked the Confederacy, Scarlett. It's worse. But I expect a very fancy profit out of it. Yes. I thought it was about time I got you out of that fake mourning. Next trip I'll bring you some green silk for a frock to match it. It's my duty to blade boys at the front, to keep our girls at home looking pretty. This war stopped being a joke when a girl like you doesn't know how to wear the latest fashion. You will, though. And another thing. Those pantalets. I don't know a woman in Paris wears pantalets anymore. You little hypocrite, you don't mind my knowing about them, just my talking about them. I'm not kind, I'm just tempting you. I never give anything without expecting something in return. I always get paid. Don't flatter yourself, I'm not a marrying man. Open your eyes and look at me. No, I don't think I will kiss you. Although you need kissing badly. That's what's wrong with you. You should be kissed, and often, and by someone who knows how. I might be, if the right moment ever came. I'll tell you why, Scarlett. Because I'm the only man over sixteen and under sixty who's around to show you a good time. But cheer up, the war can't last much longer. There's a little battle going on right now, that hypocrite ought to pretty well fix things. One way or the other. So you still haven't gotten the wooden headed Mr. Wilkes out of your mind? Yes, I suppose he's in it. Scarlett! Whoah. Climb into this buggy, this is no day for walking, you'll get run over. Panic's a pretty sight, isn't it. Whoah, whoah. That's just another one of General Shermans calling cards. He'll be paying us a visit soon. And leave your work at the hospital? Or have you had enough of death and lice and men chopped up? Well I suppose you weren't meant for sick men, Scarlett. Let's get out of here together. No use staying here, letting the South come down around your ears. There are too many nice places to go and visit. Mexico, London, Paris... Yes Ma'am. I'm the man who understands you and admires you for just what you are. I figure we belong together, being the same sort. I've been waiting for you to grow up and get that sad-eyed Ashley Wilkes out of your heart. Well, I hear Mrs. Wilkes is going to have a baby in another month or so. It's be hard Oh, no, you won't, Scarlett, not that long. (The Hamiltons. Scarlett is packing, preparing for leaving.) Whoah, whoah. Good evening. Nice weather we're having. Prissy tells me you're planning on... Don't tell me you're frightened. No, not yet, that's what's left by our army blowing up the ammunition, so the Yankees won't get it. Page 33/88 At your service, Madame. Just where were you figuring on going? Tara? Don't you know that they've been fighting all day around Tara? Do you think you can parade right through the Yankee army with a sick woman, a baby and simply minded darkie? Or do you intend leaving them behind. Don't you know it's dangerous jouncing Mrs. Wilkes over miles of open country? Tara's probably been burned to the ground. The woods are full of stragglers from both armies, the least thing they'll do is take the horse away from you. And even though it isn't much of an animal, I did have a lot of trouble stealing it. It's all right, darling, it's all right. Now you shall go home. I guess anybody who did what you've Page 34/88 Mrs. Wilkes. We're taking you to Tara. Have you the strength to put your arms around my neck? What is it? What does she want? Get them. (They venture all the way. At last they are pretty near Tara. Rhett suddenly stops.) This is the turn to Tara. I let the horse breathe a bit. Mrs. Wilkes... She's probably better off. She couldn't stand the pain if she were conscious. Scarlett, are you still determined to do this crazy thing? Not we, my dear, you. I'm leaving you here. I'm very serious, Scarlett. I'm going to join up with our brave lads in gray. Oh, no, they'll turn and make a last stand, if I know anything about them. And when they do, I'll be with them. I'm a little late, but better late than... Selfish to the end, aren't you? Thinking of your own precious hide with never a thought for the noble cause. Why? Maybe it's because I've always had a weakness for lost causes, once they're really lost. Or maybe, maybe I'm ashamed of myself. Who knows? You, helpless? Heaven help the Yankees if they capture you. Now climb down here. I want to say goodbye. Climb down. I'm not asking you to forgive me. I'll never understand or forgive myself. And if a bullet gets me, so help me, I'll laugh at myself for being an idiot. But there's one thing that I do know. And that is I love you, Scarlett. In spite of you and me and the whole silly world going to pieces around us, I Scarlett, look at me. I love you more than I've ever loved any woman. And I've waited longer for you than I've ever waited for any woman. (Butler is pressing his lips onto Scarlett's.) Here's a soldier of the South that loves you, Scarlett. Wants to feel your arms around him, wants to carry the memory of your kisses into battle with him. Never mind about loving me. You're a woman who's sending a soldier to his death with a beautiful memory. Scarlett, kiss me, kiss me, once. A minor point at such a moment. Here, if anyone lays a hand on that nag, shoot him. But don't make a mistake and shoot the nag. Never mind the rest, I follow your general idea. And when I'm dead on the order of my country, I hope your conscience heard you. Good-bye Scarlett. (Scarlett drives on.) She has? I'd like to see this one, Major, without her mammie. Let's see, my losses for the afternoon come to what? Hmm... three hundred and fourty. My debts do mount up, don't they, Major? Thank you, Major...excuse me, gentlemen. Scarlett! My dear little sister. (to Corporal) It's all right Corporal, my sister has brought me now files or saws. Can I really kiss you now? No thanks, I'll wait and hope for better things. Would you be sorry? Well, don't worry. Yeah, The Yankees have trumped up some charge against me but what they're really after is my money. They seem to think I made off with a Confederate treasury. What a leading question. Let's not talk about sordid things like money. How good of you to come and see me. And how pretty you look. Thank Heaven's you're not in rags, I'm tired of seeing women in rags. Turn around. You look good enough to eat. Prosperous, too. You're a heartless creature but that's part of your charm. Though you've got more charm than the law allows. Oh, Scarlett, don't say that. Scarlett, can it be possible that... That you've grown a woman's heart? A real woman's heart. You know it's worth being in jail just to hear you say that.It's well worth it. (Rhett grasps Scarlett's hands. And suddenly, he reads the callous skin of her hands. This is a pair of hard-working hands.) You can drop the moonlight and 'magnolia, Scarlett. These don't belong to a lady, you've been working with them like a field hand. Why did you lie to me, and what are you really up to? In another minute, I'd almost believed you'd cared something. Suppose we get down to the truth. You want something from me and you want it badly enough to put on quite a show on your velvets. What is it, money? What collateral are you offering? Not interested. Not good enough. Have you nothing better? You haven't forgotten that I'm not a marrying man. You're not worth three hundred dollars. You'll never mean anything but misery to any man. I couldn't give you the money if I wanted to. My funds are in Liverpool, not in Atlanta. If I tried drawing a draft, the Yankees would be on me like a duck on a junebug. So you see my dear, you've abased yourself to no purpose. Stop it! You want the Yankees to see like this? I enjoyed hearing what you had to say. Cheer up, you can come to my hanging and I'll remember you in my will. You don't like me Mammie. Now don't you argue with me, you don't, you really don't like me. (Scarlett comes down, and shows Rhett into the living room.) It's no good Scarlett. The cologne. I mean you've been drinking. Brandy. Quite a lot. Don't drink alone, Scarlett. People always find out. And it ruins reputation. What is it? This is more than losing old Frank. You look pretty healthy. And maybe there isn't any Hell. Well, far be it for me to question the teachings of childhood. Tell me what you've done that Hell yawns before you. Here, dry your eyes. If you had it to do all over again, you'd do it no differently. You're like the thief who isn't the least bit sorry he stole but he's terribly, terribly sorry he's going to jail. You know what, Scarlett? I think you're on the verge of a crying jag. So I'll change the subject and say what I came to say. That I can't go on any longer without you. I made up my mind you were the only woman for me, Scarlett, the first day I saw you at Twelve Oaks. Now that you've got your lumber mill and Frank's money, you won't come to me as you did at the jail. So I see I shall have to marry you. Would you be more convinced if I fell to my knees? Forgive me for startling you with the impetuosity of my sentiments, my dear Scarlett, I mean my dear Mrs. Kennedy. But it cannot have escaped your notice that for some time past, the friendship I have felt for you has ripened into a deeper feeling. A feeling more beautiful, more pure, more sacred... dare I name it? This is an honorable proposal of marriage, made in what I consider a most opportune moment. I can't go all my life waiting to catch you between husbands. Oh yes, you will. And you'll marry me. Did you ever think of marrying just for fun? Oh yes, you will. And you'll marry me. Did you ever think of marrying just for fun? You've been married to a boy and an old man. Why not try a husband at the right age? With a way with women? Stop it. You hear me Scarlett, stop it. No more of that talk. Are you sure you meant it? You don't want to take it back? She's a beautiful baby The most beautiful baby ever...yes... do you know that this is your birthday? That you're a week old today? Yes...I'm going to buy her a pony the likes of which this town has never seen. Yes, I'm going to send you to the best schools in Why shouldn't Yes, come in and look at my daughter's beautiful blue eyes. Nevertheless, her eyes are blue and they're going to stay blue. That's it. That's what we'll call her. Bonnie Blue Butler. (In the bedroom, Scarlett is having Mammie measure her waist.) I got your message. I'll have them bring my supper up here too. No objections to that, I hope. Yes? My pet, as I told you before Bonnie was born. It is immaterial to me whether you have one child or twenty. You've been to the lumber office this afternoon, haven't you? Quite the little gentlemen, Ashley Pray, go on, Mrs. Butler. You know, I'm sorry for you, Scarlett. Yes, sorry for you because you're throwing away happiness with both hands. And reaching out for something that will never make you happy. If you were free and Miss Mellie were dead, and you had your precious, honorable Ashley, do you think you'd be happy with him? You'd never know him. Never even understand his mind. Any more than you understand anything. Except money. You may keep your sanctity Scarlett. It'll work no hardship on me. The world is full of many things and many people. And I'm not a shant bit lonely... I'll find comfort elsewhere. Why bother. If I wanted to come in no lock could keep me out. (In the lumber mill, Scarlett comes to see Ashley.) Only your husband. What a wheg-livered little coward you are. Get up. You're going to that party and you'll have to hurry. Yes, my dear, India has, every woman in town knows the story and every man, too. I have a strange way of not killing people who tell the truth. No time to argue, now get up. You're not going to cheat Miss Melanie out of the satisfaction of publicly ordering you out of her house. If you don't show your face tonight, you'll never be able to show it in this town as long as you live. And while that wouldn't bother me, you're not going to ruin Bonnie's chances. You're going to that party if only for her sake. Now get dressed. Now wear that. Nothing modest or matronly will do for this occasion. Good night, Scarlett. You go into the area alone. The lions are hungry for you. Come here. Sit down. There's no reason why you shouldn't have your nightcap even if I am here. You heard nothing of the kind. You wouldn't have come down if you thought I was here. You must need a drink badly. Take it. Don't get yourself airs. I know you drink on the quiet and I know how much you drink. You think I care if you like your brandy? I'm very drunk and I intend getting still drunker before the evening's over. But you're not going to bed. Not yet. Sit down. So she stood by you, did she? How does it feel to have the woman you've wronged cloak your sins for you? You're wondering if she knows all about you and Ashley. You're wondering if Yes, you'll listen. Miss Melanie's a fool, but not the kind you think. It's just that's there's too much honor at her to ever conceive of dishonor in anyone she loves. And she loves you. Though just why she does, I'm sure I don't know. If you get out of that chair once more... of course, the comic figure in all of this is the long suffering Mr. Wilkes. Mr. Wilkes, who can't be mentally faithful to his wife and won't be unfaithful to her technically. Why doesn't he make up his mind? Observe my hands, my dear. I could tear you to pieces with them. And I'd do it if it'd take Ashley out of your mind forever. But it wouldn't. So I'll remove him from your mind forever this way. I'll put my hand so. One on each side of your head. And I'll smash your skull between them like a walnut. That'll block You know, I've always admired your spirit, my dear. Never more than now when you're cornered. Page 76/88 Jealous am Hello. I was very drunk and quite swept off my feet by your charms. Scarlett, I've been thinking things over and I really believe it'd be better for both of us, if we admitted we made a mistake and got a divorce. Yes. There's no point in our holding onto each other, is there? I've provided for you amply. You've plenty of grounds. Just give me Bonnie and you can say what you please and I won't contest it. You'd disgrace it quick enough if Ashley were free. It makes my head spin to think of how quickly you'd divorce me. Wouldn't you, Scarlett? Well answer me. Wouldn't you? Yes, I'm going, that's what I came to tell you. I am going on a very extended trip to London, and I'm leaving today. And I'm taking Bonnie with me. So you'll please get her little duds packed right away. She's my child, too, Scarlett. And you're making a mistake if you think I'm leaving her here with a mother who hasn't the decency to consider her own reputation. If you were a man, I'd break your neck for that. As it is. I'll thank you to shut your stupid mouth. And as for you giving yourself pious airs about your motherhood, why a cat's a better mother than you are. You have her things packed ready for me in an hour, or I warn Mrs. Butler, I believe. What perception Mrs. Butler. Right away In fact I left my bags at the station. You're looking pale. Is there a shortage of rouge? Or can this wonders mean you've been missing me? Pray continue, Mrs. Butler. Indeed? And who's the happy father? Well, cheer up. Maybe you'll have an accident. (In great anger, Scarlett throws herself to Rhett. But she loses her balance on the slippery floor and falls all the way down the stairs. Days later, newly recovered from the unexpected accident and a resulting miscarriage, Scarlett sits in a chair on a Thank you. I've come to ask your forgiveness. In the hope that we can give our life together another chance. I guess you're right. But I'm sure if we could only try again, we could be happy. Well there's, there's Bonnie and, and I love you, Scarlett. I've always loved you. But you've never given me a chance to show it. To begin with, give up the mill, Scarlett. We'll go away. We'll take Bonnie with us and we'll have another honeymoon. Yes, I know, but we don't need it. Sell it. Or better still, give it to Ashley. Melanie has been such a friend to both of us. Page 81/88 I am thinking of you. And I'm thinking that, well, that maybe it's the mill that's taking you away from me. And from Bonnie. But she loves you. I don't think you ought to do much jumping yet, Bonnie. Remember you just learned to ride side- saddle. Bonnie! Bonnie! Bonnie! Bonnie! Bonnie! (Bonnie died. Like her grandfather, she falls over from the horse to the ground. With her, she takes many things......) Chapter 12 Tara, Land of Hope (Melanie is seriously sick. She knows there is not Come in. Melanie, she's...well. God rest her. She was the only completely kind person I ever knew. Great lady. A very great lady. Though she's dead. That makes it nice for you, doesn't it? No, I don't know that I do. But at least it's to your credit that you could appreciate her at the end. What did she say? Did she say anything else? I'm leaving you, my dear. All you need now is a divorce and your dreams of Ashley can come true. Please don't go on with this. Leave us some dignity to remember out of our marriage. Spare us this last. I believe you. But what about Ashley Wilkes? You certainly gave a good imitation of it up to this morning. Oh, Scarlett, I tried everything. If you'd only met me halfway, even when I came back from London... And then when you were sick. And it was all my fault. I hoped and against hope that you'd call for me. But you didn't. It seems we've been at crossed purposed, doesn't it. But it's no use now. As long as there was Bonnie there was a chance we might be happy. I like to think that Bonnie was you. A little girl again. Before the war and poverty had done things to you. She was so like you. And I could pet her and spoil her as I My darling, you're such a child. You think that by saying I'm sorry, all the past can be corrected. Here, take my handkerchief. Never in any crisis of your life have I known you to have a handkerchief. No. I'm through with everything here. I want peace. I want to see if somewhere if there is something left in life with charm and grace. Do you know what I'm talking about? That's your misfortune. Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn.", "DR. MEADE": "Ladies and gentlemen. I have important news, glorious news. Another triumph for our magnificent men in arms. General Lee has completely whipped the enemy and swept the Yankee army northward from Virginia! And now, a happy surprise for all of us! We have with us tonight that most daring of all blockade runners, And now, ladies and gentlemen. I have a startling surprise for the benefit of the hospital. Gentlemen, if you wish to lead the opening real with the lady of your choice, you must bid for her. Come gentlemen, do I hear your bids? Make your offers! Don't be bashful, gentlemen! Only twenty five dollars to give. For what lady, sir? For whom, sir? Mrs. Hamilton is in mourning, Captain Butler. But I'm sure any of our Atlanta belles would be proud to\u00a1\u00ad She will not consider it, sir. (Flame in Scarlett's eyes.) What is this? You ain't planning on running away? You've got to listen to me. You must stay here. Good Heaven's woman, this is war, not a garden party. Scarlett, you've got to stay, Melanie needs you. She's ill already. She shouldn't even be having a baby. She may have a difficult time. Would you want her to take that chance? Would you want her to be taunted over rough roads and have the baby ahead of time in the buggy? Scarlett, we haven't enough doctors, much less nurses to look after a sick woman. You've got to stay for Melanie. Good. Then I'll rely on you to help us. Ashley's fighting on the field. Fighting for the cause. He may never come back. He may die. Scarlett, we owe him a well borne child. Then you'll stay? Good. Go along Miss Pittifett. Scarlett's staying.", "WOMAN:": "Caroline Meade, how could you permit your husband to conduct this, this, slave auction? Why, Scarlett, good evening.", "CAROLINE MEADE:": "Darling Merry Weather, how dare you criticize me? Melanie Wilkes told the doctor that if it's for the benefit of the cause, it's quite all right. Don't you dare faint, Lilly Beth. Hamilton. If Melanie says it's all right, it is all right.", "AUNT PITTY:": "Oh dear, oh dear, where are my smelling salts? I think I shall faint. Without a chaperone, Dr. Meade, it simply isn't done. If you're coming Scarlett, hurry!", "VOICE:": "Mrs. Hamilton, Dr. Wilson is waiting.", "PRISSY:": "I knows! I knows! I knows how to do it. I've done it lots and lots. let me doctor, let me. I can do everything. Is the doctor coming? Oh, Miss Scarlett, Miss Melanie bad off! Oh, lawdsy, Miss Scarlett! Lawdsy, we've got to have a doctor! I don't know nothing about birthing babies. I don't know how can I tell such a lie. Ma ain't never let me around when folks was having them. Page 32/88 He's here, Miss Scarlett, he's here! Yes. Miss Melanie done fainted way back. Captain Butler. Oh, Miss Scarlett, he's dead! Miss Scarlett, Miss Sue Ellen and Miss Corrine, They's fussin to be sponged off. I can't take care of that baby and sick folks too. I've only got two hands.", "MAMMIE:": "Why...Miss Sue Ellen, Miss Carreen, they were sick with the typhoid. They had it bad, but they's doing all right now. Just weak like little kittens. Well, Miss Ellen, she went down to nurse that Emmy Sladdly, that white trash. And she took down with it, too. Then last night, she... Don't you worry your pretty head about Miss Melanie, child. I done slapped her in bed already along with the baby. They used the house for their headquarters Miss Scarlett. Yes'm. And they stole almost everything they didn't burn. All the clothes, and all the rugs, and even Miss Ellen's rosaries. There ain't nothing to eat honey. They took it all. Miss Scarlettt? What are we going to do with nothing to feed them sick folks and that child? Miss Scarlett, there's only just me and Paul left. The others moved off during the war and ran away. Oh, he'll be hungry He's her husband. (Several days passed. One day, a servant comes to Scarlett.) You've been brave so long, Miss Scarlett. You just got to go on being brave. Think about your Paw, like he used to be. Ain't no good thinking about that. Miss Scarlett. Ain't nobody got that much money. Nobody but that Yankee's and the scallow-wags got that much money now. Who that? A Yankee? What are you up to in Miss Ellen's fortier? Not with Miss Ellen's fortier, not while I got breath in my body! Who's going to Atlanta with you? That's what you think. I'm going to Atlanta with you, with you and that new dress. No use to try and sweet talk me Miss Scarlett, I knows you ever since I put the first pair of diapers on you. I says I was going to Atlanta with you, and going I is! (Atlanta prison. Rhett Butler and the prison Major are playing cards at a table.) It sure is good to see home folks. She says she's coming. I don't know why she's coming, but she's a-coming. You done had a baby, Miss Scarlett. And you ain't never going to be no eighteen and a half inches again. Never. And there ain't nothing to do about it. I heard Mr. Rhett said that he'd be wanting to have a son next year. Miss Scarlett! Captain Butler! Miss Scarlett! Honey child! Miss Scarlett, she's back. She's back, Miss Scarlett! Miss Scarlett's feeling a heap better today, Mr. Rhett. Page 80/88", "SERVANT:": "If there's anything I can do, Miss Scarlett... There ain't no barn. There ain't no barn no more, Miss Scarlett. The Yankees done burned it to firewood. They camped all around the place. Who's going to milk that cow, Miss Scarlett? We's house workers. (Exhausted and hungry as Scarlett is, she goes out to the open field, digging out the leftover radishes in the ground, swallowing.) Katie Scarlett! It's over! It's over! It's all over, the war! We surrendered! Miss Scarlett Ma'am... Yes'm, he shod all right. Miss Scarlett Ma'am. Miss Scarlett Ma'am, I've got to know how much money have you got left? In gold. That won't be enough. Well, Miss Scarlett, I see that old no-account white trash, Wilkenson, that used to be Mister Jerry's overseer here. He's a regular Yankee now, and he was making a brag, that his carpetbagger friends done run the taxes way up sky-high on Tara. I heard the tax man say three hundred dollars. Yes'm. How? Oh, he ain't got no three hundred dollars. Miss Scarlett. Asking ain't getting. (The Farm. Ashley is chopping wood.)", "SUE ELLEN:": "Why did we ever fight? But Melanie, you don't realize what she's done. She's gone and married my Mr. Kennedy! He's my beau and she's gone and married him.", "EMMY SLADDLY:": "Yes'm, it's me.", "WILKENSON:": "You haven't forgotten your old overseer, have you? Huh? Well, Emmy is Mrs. Wilkenson now... Page 49/88 You can't speak that way to my wife. We came out here to pay a call. A friendly call, and talk a little business with old friends. Still high and mighty ain't you? Well, I know all about you. I know your father's turned idiot. You can't pay your taxes. And I come out to offer to buy the place from you. To make you a right good offer. Emmy's got a hankering to live here. You bum-trucking, high-flying Irish will find out who's running things around here when you get sold out for taxes. I'll buy this place, lock, stock and barrel and I'll live in it. But I'll wait for the sheriff's sale.", "MAJOR:": "Another sister? This is a jail, not a harem, Captain Butler. Page 52/88 Hmm... All right, Corporal. Show Captain Butler's sister to his cell.", "BONNIE:": "Come on Mammie! Mammie! Daddy gave me a kitten! Oh, London's a horrible place. Where's my pony? I want to go out and see my pony. Mommy, Daddy, watch me! So are you! I'm going to jump. Watch me, Daddy. I will so jump. I can jump better than ever, cuz I've grown, and I've moved the bar higher..."}, "Grease-Cast-Script-Final.pdf": {"CASEY": "4/10/14", "RYDELL": "", "EUGENE": "A wop-bama -lu-bop", "GREASERS": "", "GIRLS": "", "BOYS": "", "JAN": "Me too!", "MARTY": "Ooooh,  would  ya paint  my name  on it?", "RIZZO": "Yeah  c\u2019mon  Patty  (smiles)", "DOODY": "Yeah,  we\u2019re  missing  \u201canything  can happen\u201d  day (Frenchy  Joins  Doody)", "ROGER": "Hey we just gunna  stand  around here all day?  Lets get out of here", "DODDY": "Boy,  you get all the \u201cneats! \u201d", "KENICKIE": "Jeez,  Zuko  what  happened to you?!!!", "SONNY": "", "LYNCH": "What \u2019s all the racket  out here?", "COACH": "Don\u2019t  be late, Zuko  (he exits)", "FRENCHY": "(Opening  purse.) Don\u2019t sweat  it. I\u2019ll fix it up. I just got a job demonstrating  this new miracle  make -up at Woolworth\u2019 s.", "SANDY": "Ya wanna  come?", "LORI": "Are you serious?  With  those  bird legs? Kids all laugh. ", "PATTY": "I don\u2019t  have a date?", "ALL": "", "DANNY": "Well  ya know,  I think  I know  just the guy\u2026.  right you guys?", "MARY -JO": "Hey,  French  when  do ya start beauty  school? ", "BOP": "", "BOTH": "", "BOT H": "", "GUYS": "", "MORE": "", "ME OF": "", "ENSEMBLE": "(Falsetto  ad lib.)", "CRY -AY-AY-AY.": "", "BOM": "", "FREN CHY": "Hey Marty,  you got a needle around?", "SAN DY": "Okay,  come  on... Frenchy. Sandy  exits slowly.", "UH-UH-UH-UH": "", "OOH": "", "UH HUH...": "", "YEAH": "A", "STOCKS": "", "UH-HUH": "(Harmony;  parts sustained.)", "GOGOGO": "", "GO": "", "LIGHTNIN\u2019": "As song ends, ", "DANNY .)": "Hey,  Danny,  how do I look as a college  girl?", "ON ME.": "", "OH...": "", "MISLED": "", "OR SWEAR": "I", "YOU.": "", "HOPELESSLY": "", "PUSHED": "", "VINCE": "Last dance,  ladies \u2019 choice.  #20 Cross -over (\u201cLast Dance \u201d) Out of Hop (Band  plays  slow  instrumental.  Couples  leave dance,  one by one until", "(PAUSE)": "", "CHA -CHA": "Cha-Cha DiGregorio.", "BENCH)": "", "KIDS?": "(The kids cheer.) Only  thing  I wanna  say in all sincerity  is enjoy  yourselves,  have a ball, coz like we always  say at big 15 where the jocks  hang  out, \u201cIf you\u2019re  having  fun, you\u2019re  number 1\u201d And some  lucky  guy and gal is gonna  go boppin\u2019  home  with a stack  of terrific prizes. But don\u2019t feel bad if I bump yuzz out, \u2018cause  it don\u2019t matter  if you win or lose, it\u2019s what  ya\u2019 do with those  dancing  shoes.  So, okay,  cats, throw  your mittens  around", "GASP": "", "ER": "At the end of the song,  the lights  fade on the"}, "harry-potter-and-the-deathly-hollows-part-2-2011.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "    ", "WHISPERS:": "  ", "HARRY": "How\u2019d you come by it? Harry nods to the  shard in He rmione\u2019s hand. Dung had no ri ght selling you that.  It belonged to -- We need to get into Hogwarts. Dumbledore gave us a job to do. * Neville, yo u look... Okay.  There\u2019s something we need to find, somethin g hidden here in the castle.  It could help us defeat Y ou-Know-Who. We don\u2019t know. Don\u2019t know that either.52. I realize it\u2019s not much to go on. I think it might hav e something to do with Ravenclaw .  It would be small, easy to conceal, valuable. Any ideas? He looks up.  For  a moment, there\u2019s no response, Hey there. Ron smiles, about to speak, then no tices Ginny\u2019s eyes have not left Har ry.  He frowns, speaks to Hermione. It would seem tha t, despite your exhaustive defensive  strategies, you have a bit  of a security problem, Headmaster. Snape stares in s tunned disbelie f, then his gaze shifts as one by one, ot hers And I\u2019m afraid it\u2019s rather extensive. The Carrows, who had been moving to wards Harry,  falter, turn to Snape with u ncertainty.  Ha rry\u2019s eyes narrow with malice as he stares at Snape. How dare you stand where he stood. Snape watches Har ry draw his wand, point it at him. Tell them how it was  that night. Tell then how you  looked him in the eye, a man wh o trusted you... and killed him.  Tell them! Snape\u2019s eyes find Harry\u2019s, but his fac e remains a mask. McGonagall stands  poised, no lon ger an ashen ghost. I\u2019m a Gryffindor. Time.  As much as  you can give me. Is that possib le, Professor? I think you\u2019re right. McGonagall nods, still siz ing up Neville and  the others. Harry turns, starts to exit. You, too, Professor. (stopping) What\u2019re you saying? Okay.  But take this.  That way you can find me w hen you get back. Harry hands He rmione the Ravenclaw Common Room.  Got to start somewhere. Hermione nods, slips the Map in her beaded bag and she and Ron head o ff.  Just before they turn the corner, Ron looks back, holds Harry\u2019s glance br iefly... and then is gone.  As Harr y continues on, Lu na steps I\u2019m a bit preoccu pied right now, Luna. We\u2019ll talk later, Luna. Later. Luna stops, wa tching him r ecede.  Then  Okay, Luna.  W ho\u2019ve you got in mind? It\u2019s you... You\u2019re the Grey Lady, the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower. I\u2019m sorry.  It\u2019s Helena, isn\u2019t it? Helena Ravenclaw.   Rowena\u2019s daughter.  Lun a told me. Yes.  She thought  you might be able to help me. Yes!  That\u2019s right -- Wait!  Please! But I don\u2019t care about its powers! Honestly -- But she is drifting away.  Harry wa tches in desperation. I don\u2019t seek it for myself!  You have to believe me! But she only d rifts on.  Help lessly, Harry watches her go, then...  I want to d estroy it. She stops.  Tu rns.  He sees t his has hooked her in some way.  Begins w alking back toward her, nodding. That\u2019s what you want, isn\u2019t it, Helena?  You want  it destroyed. I\u2019ll end your pai n, Helena.  Tell me where it is and I\u2019ll destroy it, I swear, on my mother\u2019s memory -- Tom Riddle -- He\u2019s lied to many people -- Suddenly, her eye s blaze with anger, her fac e contorting horribly and H arry can\u2019t help but take a ste p back. Yes.  That\u2019s righ t.  But I can undo that, Helena.  I can destroy it once and for a ll.  But only if you tell me where he hid it.  You know where he hid it , don\u2019t you, Helena?  You just have to tell me.  Please. Thank you... ... then turning... Thank you... ... then running. Ginny!  Neville!  You alright? Luna -- ? I could ask yo u the same. I remember. What\u2019s wrong with  the one you have? Why didn\u2019t you tell her? Draco doesn \u2019t respond. Bellatrix.  Yo u knew it was me. But you didn\u2019t say anything. Blaise and Goyle,  confused by this, regard Draco dimly from either side.   Draco fidgets, his hand t witching on the wand. No.  I don\u2019t think so... With blithe di sregard, Harry rem oves the wand in his own pocket, ponders it. Besides, its allegiance is  to me now.  If you want  it, you\u2019ll have to win it back.  Perhaps e ven kill me... Harry looks up .  He and Dr aco lock eyes. Expelliarmus! Blaise\u2019s wand flies free and he scarpers.   An instant later, Hermione steps It\u2019s gone!  We \u2019ll never -- Ting!  Ting!  Tin g!  The diad em drops from t he sky and hops, skips and jumps down the aisle in front of them. Harry and Herm ione exchange a glance and pelt a fter it. Harry nearly has it in grasp when a sm all Well done.  Let\u2019s find Ron and get out of here. Harry wheels, sees Ron running towards them chased by a Split up! Each goes a separate  way, but it\u2019s no use.  The fire simply divides, the serpent s lithering after Harry, the chimaera after Hermione, the dragon after Ron.  Harry glances up, sees Malfoy and B laise scaling a mountain of burning junk, doomed .  He takes one turn after another No, it\u2019ll just follow us! Harry glances aro und once more a nd sees Here!  Take one! He tosses Ron and Hermione broomsticks then takes one for himself.  As Hermion e slips the diadem atop her  head, the flames Wait!  What about Malfoy and Blaise! Ron, you once asked me if I thought he felt it -- Voldemort -- when we destroy a Horcrux, when we destroy a piece of his soul. Ron and Her mione wait. He does. Harry looks up then, meets their It\u2019s the snake.  She\u2019s the last one.  The l ast Horcrux. No.  He\u2019ll kee p her close. As Harry wipes hi s brow, grazing hi s scar, trying to dispel the pain he  feels -- Ron studies h im intently. I know where he is. Give me something!  Quickly!  A flask!  Anything. Instantly, Hermione I\u2019m going there now. It\u2019s... meant to be. There\u2019s a r eason I can... hear them -- the Horcruxes.107. I think I\u2019ve k nown for awhile. (studying her) I think you\u2019ve known too. Hermione stands still, miserable. Kill the snake.  Kill the snake and then it\u2019s  just him.  Then it will be over. He turns then, leaving them.  Ron and Hermione stand silently, watching e very step he takes until he reaches the end... and  is gone. (murmuring) Once.  Twic e.  Thrice... Harry stands for a moment and then,  slowly, opens his eyes.  Reacts.  Why are you here?   All of you? Does it hurt?  Dying? I\u2019m sorry.  I did n\u2019t want any of you to die for me.  And Remus, your son... You\u2019ll stay with me? He won\u2019t be able to see you? Sirius shakes his head, gestures to Ha rry\u2019s heart. Stay close to me. You weren\u2019t. All eyes shift to Harry, standing at t he clearing\u2019s edge. He lets the Resur rection Stone tumb le from his fingers and James, Sirius , Lupin and, lastly, Lily -- all vanish. Harry steps in to the firelight. Sir, this, is this... I mean, forgive me, but you are dead, aren\u2019t you, sir? Then... I\u2019m dead too? Not? But I didn\u2019t defe nd myself.  I let him kill me. It\u2019s true, isn\u2019t it, sir?  A bit of him lives in me, doesn\u2019t it? And you knew this?  That\u2019s why you were certain I wouldn\u2019t die? Professor, is that -- ? Exactly where are  we, sir?113. It looks like Kin g\u2019s Cross station -- only a lot cleaner.  And without the  trains. Sir, why didn\u2019t y ou just tell me about the D eathly Hallows? Sir -- You wanted to see  Ariana again, didn\u2019t you, sir? I used the Sto ne as well, sir, only a little whi le ago when I entered the Fo rest.  I saw  my mum and dad, and S irius and Lupin... I\u2019ve got to go back, haven\u2019t I\u2019ve got a choice? And where would it take me?115. Voldemort\u2019s got the Elder Wand. And the snake lives. And I\u2019ve nothing to kill it with. With all due resp ect, sir, I think what we need here  is a miracle. Which would  be, sir? Sir, my mother\u2019s Pat ronus.  It was a doe, wasn\u2019t it?   Just like Professor Snape\u2019s.   Curious, don\u2019t you think? Professor. As Dumbledore sto ps, Harry gestures vaguely. Is this real?  Or  has this been happening i nside my head? ... as his eyelids s eparate ever -so-slightly. Confringo! The snake!  We\u2019ve got to kill the snake! Neville, only a few yards off, s word in hand, Because I have something worth living for. Angrily, Volde mort poises the  Elder Wand over Confringo! The tendrils of fabric You were right. Voldemort\u2019s eyes gli tter curiously.  Harry\u2019s eyes drift to the wand in  Voldemort\u2019s hand.133. When you told Profes sor Snape it was failing you.  It will always fail you. (taunting him) But what if th e wand never belonged to hi m?  What if the wand\u2019s allegiance was to someone else? Voldemort star es at him.  Confused.  And sudden ly, in Come on, Tom.  Let\u2019s end this the way we started it... Harry grabs Vo ldemort\u2019s cloak in both hands. Together. And then he falls back, pu lling them both... I told Because it answers to another. Ron and Hermio ne study him.137. When he killed Snape , he thought the wand would be come his.  But the thing is... it  never belonged to Snape. Harry turns the w and in the light, eyeing its brutish surface as he speaks. It was Drac o who disarmed Dumbledore that n ight on the Astronomy T ower.  From that moment on, the wand answ ered to him. Until the other night... (looking up) It answers to me. Hermione stares at  Harry.  Ron s tares at the wand. Well, it wasn\u2019t boring, was it? Ron turns, ready wit h a reply, but whatever words were there -- brief ly -- are gone bef ore he can utter them. They all stare into the dista nce, giving the mselves over to the silence.  Then -- tentativel y, tenderly -- fingers reach out -- Hermion e\u2019s -- and brush Ron and Harry\u2019s.", "HERMIONE": "Harry!  I can see you!  In here! Harry turns, w atches Hermione take a Do you hear much from the others? From the Order? Mr. Dumbledore...  thank you. Aberforth stares hard at Hermione, nod s curtly, exits. As he disappea rs Ron looks to  Hermione to  explain her \u201cThank you.\u201d Did save our live s twice.  Kept an eye on us in t hat mirror.  That doesn\u2019t seem like  someone who\u2019s given up, does it? Ron and Harry exchan ge a glance, eye the empty doorway. She\u2019s coming back!  And she\u2019s got someone with her! * Just then, the pa inting How bad is it, Ne ville?  With Snape as Headmaster. They did that to you?  But why? Unless we can destroy it. You were thinking .  It\u2019s Ron\u2019s idea.  And it\u2019s brilliant. Where are you going? No.  Of course not. The hatch swings open.70. I\u2019m scared. Ron looks at her, th en hoists hi mself through. I didn\u2019t expect it  to be like this. Not this. There he is. He vanished.  Just now.  I saw it. Ron glances at (amazed he remembered) That\u2019s righ t.  I did. Brilliant. Did you see where it we nt?  The diadem! Do we climb! C\u2019mon!  This way!86. Someplace safe.  Where is everyone? Where\u2019ve you been? What is it, Harry?  What is it you know? Ron studies her face, then lo oks back to Harry. I\u2019ll go with you.   I\u2019ll -- She falters ho pelessly as a s ingle tear trac es her cheek. Harry reaches out, wipes it away. Yes! I don\u2019t want you to say anything you wouldn\u2019t s ay if we weren\u2019t about to be ki lled by a giant snake!  It\u2019ll jus t ruin it! Ron starts to respond, then s ays... nothing. Can\u2019t make an omelette without breaking a few eggs. Ron gives her a screwy look.  She shakes her head wearily, frowns. Something my m um used to say. Harry studies her , absently playing his fing ers over the Elder Wand.  She looks over, nods to it. Why didn\u2019t it wor k for him?  The Elder wand. We?", "BELLATRIX": "Show me. Scabior reaches o ut his Get Draco. Narcissa eyes her sister b riefly, warily,  then strides off, toward the brightly-lit room ahead, where her husband Lucius st ands, cradling a n early-empty wine glass. Just sit back and watch, Lucius. Hm?  Pour yoursel f another glass of wine. As she passes,  she flicks her finger off the  rim of his glass -- pling! Where\u2019d you  find them? Lovely scar f, Scabior.  Though I\u2019m not sure it\u2019s  your color. You don\u2019t say. Her eyes slide, catch him lookin g at Hermione. Fancy her, do you, Scabior?  Can\u2019t say I blame you.  Maybe we\u2019ll work out a little rewa rd for you, hm? That is, assum ing all is as it appears.  A h, Draco.  C ome here, darling. My friends here s ay they\u2019ve got Harry Potter.  Seeing as he\u2019s an old school chum of yours, I thought you could confi rm the fact for us. Draco stares at Harry. Well...? Of course not. (eyes hardening) Narcissa.  Tend to  your husband. Lucius staggers b ack nervously next  to his wife. (to Draco) Don\u2019t be shy, swe etheart.  Get up nice and close. Bellatrix nudg es Draco forward until he\u2019s only inches from Harry. What is wrong with his face, Scabior? Or ran into a Stinging Jinx. Bellatrix, eyes f lashing, steps up close to Hermione. Was it you, de arie?  Give me her wand.  We\u2019ll s ee what the last spell was. Hermione looks al armed as a Snatcher steps forward. What is that? Bellatrix\u2019s tone is quietly murdero us.  She pushes past Scabior and Gr eyback, steps before another Snatcher. Hermione\u2019s beaded pu rse dangles from o ne hand.  In the other, he holds... the Sword of Gryffindor. Where did y ou get that!5. Go.  Wormtail.  Put th ese two in the cellar.  I want to  have a little conversation with this one.  Girl to girl. As Wormtail jerks them away, Ron\u2019s eyes flash with panic, meet Hermione\u2019s.  She This sword is meant to be in my vault at Gringott s.  How did you get it? Liar.  What el se did you take? Well? Perhaps it just walk ed out on its own then.10. Liar!  You can \u2019t deceive me! As Hermione looks up, away from the  hair, Bellatrix slashes the da gger across Gri phook\u2019s cheek and a deep gash opens.  He b arely flinches, the hint of  a Consider yourself lucky, Goblin.  The same won\u2019t be said for this one. Bellatrix poises the dagger over Hermione. Stop or she dies! Harry and Ron fre eze, see Hermione lea ning limp ly against Bellatrix, the dagger at her throat. Drop your wands. Ron stands rigidl y, staring baleful ly at Bellatrix. I said drop them!11. Pick them up, Draco.  Now!  Well, well, look what we  have here. Harry Potter.  Al l bright, shiny and new again.  J ust in time for the Dark Lord. Harry glances in the  mirror opposite, sees that the Call him, Draco. Draco hesitate s.  But Luci us doesn\u2019t, pullin g up his sleeve and touchi ng his finger to the You dirty litt le monkey!  You could have killed me! Harry turns, sees Bellatrix ragi ng at Dobby.  The elf stands fearlessly  across from  her, defiant. For God\u2019s sake, Cissy, you\u2019ve got a wand!  Use it! Narcissa hesitate s.  Crack! -- Dobb y waves h is little fist and Narci ssa\u2019s wand flies from her hand. How dare you take  a witch\u2019s wand. How dare you d efy your masters. My lord, let me  help you -- The boy.  Is he dead? Harry\u2019s eyes shif t, meet Narcissa\u2019 s once again. Something in her exp ression... He closes his eyes.  She places her finger s over his heart, Someone has to do  the washing. The Death Eaters Come on, granny, give us your best. Mrs. Weasley f ires a volley of s pells and Bellatrix\u2019s smile fades.  As she counters, J Be thankful we only took one. Besides... (indicating George) It\u2019s not like you  don\u2019t have a spare. As Bellatrix", "LUCIUS": "Why Draco? Narcissa passes her husband w ithout a word. Look close , Draco.  If we\u2019re the ones who hand Pot ter over to the Dark Lord, everythin g will be forgiven.  Do you  understand --4.", "SCABIOR": "In the N orth Forest. It\u2019s not mine. (quietly menacing) Now, we won\u2019t be forgetting who actually caught h im, I hope, Mr. Malfoy? He came to us that way.  I reckon he picked it up  in the forest. Are you mad! Bang!  Bellatr ix drops him to his knees b efore his wand escapes his cl oak.  He How dare you!  Release me, woman! Bellatrix star es at him, eyes full of fire, then flicks her wand and he slumps forwar d, wincing.", "DRACO": "I can\u2019t... I c an\u2019t be sure. Lucius steps f orward, wine gl ass sloshing. What\u2019s wrong w ith his face? Take my hand. (as they hesitate) Now. Well, well, what brings you here, Potter? Harry looks slowly over his shoulder.  Draco  -- Blaise and Goyle at his side -- steps I virtually lived here last year. Remember? You have so mething of mine.  I\u2019d like it back. Draco gestures to the wand sticking out of Harry\u2019s pocket. (studying it) It\u2019s my mother\u2019s .  It\u2019s very powerful, but it\u2019s not the same. It doesn\u2019t... understand me. (looking up) Know what I mean?83. Easy. Harry looks up, s ees Draco wa tching him c losely.  He studies Draco\u2019 s face. Give me my wand. Harry continues to study Draco\u2019s face. Potter! Harry turns.  Draco\u2019s hand whips forward and -- to Harry\u2019s shock -- tos ses him his wan d.  Ron", "SNATCHER": "It was in her bag when we searched her.  Reckon it \u2019s mine now. Bang!  Quick as lightning, Be llatrix stuns the Snatcher and catches the s word as he drop s.  Scabior wheels.", "RON": "The cup!35. Foul little git.  Least we\u2019ve got Bogrod. The dragon That\u2019s unfortunate.36. You\u2019re asking us?  You\u2019re the brilliant one. That\u2019s your idea? That was brilliant!  Bloody hell. I say we jump! Never mind!  W hat did you see? What happens when he finds out four are gone? \u2018Fraid he\u2019s right.  One Maybe it\u2019s bec ause of the Horcruxes.  Maybe  he\u2019s growing weaker.  Maybe  he\u2019s dying. What\u2019s he mean by that? Hermione Did you get a look at h im!  For a second I thoug ht it was --44. I don\u2019t remember thi s being on the Marauder\u2019s Map. (under his breath) Oh, bloody hel l.  Here we go. Excuse me.  But w ould someone tell Six months she  hasn\u2019t seen me and it\u2019s like I\u2019m Franki e First Year. I mean, I\u2019m only her brother. Shut up, Seamus. Harry, Hermione a nd I have been thinking.  It doesn\u2019t really matter if we find the Horcrux.63. So we we re thinking -- You destroy ed Tom Riddle\u2019s Diary with a Basilisk fang, right? Well, we know where we might find one, don\u2019t we? Harry looks at the two of them.  Ponders this.  Nods. (in Parseltongue) Take me inside. Hermione\u2019s eyes widen in shoc k.  Ron shrugs. Harry talks in hi s sleep.  Haven\u2019t you noticed? I\u2019ve never got th is far before. Me too. What did you e xpect it to be like? You do it. She starts to spe ak, to object, when Ron Yes, you can.74. Bloody hell.  We\u2019 ll never find him on this. What? As Hermione po ints to Harry\u2019s name amidst the ant colony on the parchment, Ron -- unbeknownst to her -- regards her with naked appreciation. Brilliant. He must\u2019ve gone into  the Room of Requirement.  It doe sn\u2019t show on the map, remember ?  You said so last year.81. Let\u2019s go. As Ron dashes off, Hermione -- u nbeknownst to him -- regards him with naked appreciation, then follows.  Serves him right. (to Hermioine) He\u2019s joking, right? Then Harry sees them , perched atop a fragile, crumbling tower.  Harry whips his  broom around and jets forth.  Ron shakes his head, then jets after,  Brilliant. Harry turns, c atches Ron marv eling Hermione.  Ron turns, sees Harry looking at him.  Then, as one, they fly pell- mell toward Hermi one\u2019s beacon.  As the y draw close the light burns so br ight all goes white and the y burst... You\u2019re bloody well welcome! (looking away) Prat. Ron looks back, to Hermione, and follows her gaze to Harry, who sta res into the distance, his face still bearing traces of  the agony he \u2019s just endured. Where will he take her? Look inside him, Harry. Hermione turns, looks at Ron.  T hen Harry does as well. Find out where he  is.  If we find him, we find the snake.  Then we\u2019re one step closer to ending this. Hermione studies Harry and Ron as they  stare silently at one another.  Finally, Harry closes  his eyes.  89. He\u2019s gone.  Th e snake too. Just then the sound of Never!  Do you he ar me!  We thought you\u2019d  gone to the forest, we thought you might be -- Are you mad!  No! Rubbish!  You can \u2019t just give yourself up to him -- Hermione squeezes  Ron\u2019s arm, silencing him. Liar! Voldemort flicks his wand and Ron d rops to his knees, grimacing in pain .  Voldemort ge stures to him. He saved your life. Draco falters briefly, stung, then joins his mother.  She hands him a Well done, Malfoy! (to himself) Can\u2019t believe I just said that. Wand in hand, Harry tur ns and -- in on e continuous motion -- Hermione! I need to tell  you something! She glances at him, then looks s traight a head, still running. Not exactly le aving the place better than we found it, are we? But that means... Harry nods. What do you recko n we should do with it? I\u2019m just saying.  That\u2019s the Elder Wand!  It\u2019s th e most powerful bloody wand in the world!  With that, we could , we could -- Hermione raises her hand and Ron stops, s ees that her eyes are fixed on Harry, who is staring at the wand, his", "LUNA": "Ron?  Harry...? Harry peers in to the small, s hadowy space below, senses movement. You look strange,  Harry.  Mr. Ollivander, lo ok who\u2019s here.  It\u2019s Harry Potter. Harry looks past Luna and sees a You\u2019re b leeding, Harry. She points downwa rd.  Harry r emoves his glas ses from his pocket, slips them on and peers at his so ck, where That\u2019s a curious thing to hide in your sock. Taking the shard,  Harry turns the silvery si de toward himself (and only  himself) -- and f or a split second -- the You were hiding it, weren\u2019t you? Before Harry can respond, Hermione Of course. (to Dobby) Whenever you\u2019re  ready, sir. Dobby blinks at Luna\u2019s use of \u201csir. \u201d  He We should close his eyes.  Don\u2019t you think? Luna reaches o ut, tenderly places her fin gers upon Dobby\u2019s eyelids and closes them. There.  Now he co uld be sleeping. She turns then, looks at Harry. Harry.  It\u2019s all rig ht.  That it hurts.  That\u2019s wh at reminds us how lucky we are to be alive. Harry turns, s tudies her sere ne face briefly , then his eyes shift to Dobby,  his face serene as  well, in death.14. It\u2019s beautiful here. Muggles think the se keep evil away.  But the y\u2019re wrong... Bill studies her curiously.  The n Harry appears in the doorway with Ron and Hermione. My father used to  say that when a child died. She looks up, smiles. Funny how Mr. Dob by knew exactly where to find us. I know you und erstand why my father did what he  did, Harry. That\u2019s why we don\u2019t  need to talk about it. She continues to smile.  Harry eyes  the trav eling bag. Neither am Well, there\u2019s Row ena Ravenclaw\u2019s lost diadem. The lost diadem of Ravenclaw? Hasn\u2019t anyone ever heard of it? It\u2019s quite famous. Harry!  Wait!  I nee d to talk to you! He glances back, slowing, but doesn \u2019t break stride.64. But you won\u2019t fin d anything where you\u2019re going.  Yo u\u2019re wasting your time. Harry frowns, mildly annoyed, do esn\u2019t glance back. Harry --  Don\u2019t you remember what Cho said about Rowena Rave nclaw\u2019s It\u2019s obvious, isn\u2019t it?  We have to talk to someon e who\u2019s dead. Harry stares at h er oddly when s uddenly he becomes aware of the He\u2019s very impress ive, isn\u2019t he? Harry starts to respond when he If you\u2019re to f ind her, you\u2019ll find her down there. No.  I think it best if you two talk alone.  S he\u2019s very shy. Luna exits.  H arry eyes the shadows ahead. Thanks.", "VENT.": "", "BELLATRIX (O.S.)": "I\u2019m going to ask you once", "HERMIONE (O.S.)": "I told you.  I don\u2019t know what you\u2019re talking -- Hermione", "OLLIVANDER": "There\u2019s no way ou t.  We\u2019ve tried everything. Forgive me if I don\u2019t get up. Anything, m\u2019 boy, anything. Walnut and dragon  heartstring. Twelve and three qua rter inches. Unyielding.  T his belongs to Bellatrix Lestrange. Hawthorn.  Unicor n hair.  Ten inches.  Reasonab ly pliant.  This was the wand of  Draco Malfoy. Perhaps not -- if  you won it from him.  I sense its  allegiance has changed. The wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter.  That much has always been clear to those of  us who have studied wandlore.19. There are rumored to be I see no reason to put stock in an old wives tale -- He tortured me !  Besides, I conveyed on ly rumors.  There\u2019s no guarantee he w ill find it -- He\u2019s after you, Mr. Potter.  If it\u2019s true, what y ou say, that he has the Elder Wand, I\u2019m afraid you really don\u2019t s tand a chance.20.", "mirror:": "", "WORMTAIL": "Shut it!  You.  G oblin.  Come with me. As Griphook mount s the stairs he turns, e yeing Harry curiously, then W ormtail grabs his arm, slam s shut the door.  Ron cli cks the Deluminator a gain and --", "DOBBY": "Dobby has come to rescue Harry Potter, of course. Everyone stare s, stunned.  Ha rry stares in similar amazement at t he mirror glitteri ng in his palm. Of course.  I\u2019m an elf. Like her very  much. (to Ron and Harry) Meet me at the top of the stairs in ten seconds. Luna takes Ollivander\u2019 s withered hand in hers and Dobby reaches out.  Who gets his wand? Dobby meant on ly to maim or seriously injure,  not kill.12. Dobby has no mast er!  Dobby is a free elf, and Dob by has come to save Harry Potter and his friends! Harry tosses R on a wand, grab s Hermione\u2019s be aded bag and joins the othe rs in the center of the room. Such a beautif ul night... to be with friends.  Dobby  is happy... to be with his friend... Harry Potter... Dobby gives a lit tle shudder, then goes still.  The others simply stare, mute, liste ning to the waves", "GRIPHOOK": "I left Gringotts employ many weeks ago, but when I w as last in your vault, the swo rd was there. Hermione studi es the two then wa tches as a There is no place safer than Gringotts, Mad am LeStrange. ... and catches on Hermione\u2019s shirt. Alive.15. -- that I showed you to your vault the first time  you visited Gringotts?  Even amongst goblins, you are famous, Harry Potter. (nodding to the window) And brought  me here. Griphook studies him curiously. You are a very  unusual wizard. Soon the Death Ea ters will control it.  That was una cceptable to me. This is a wizard\u2019s war.  I take no side. It is impossible. How did you co me by this sword?16. It\u2019s complicated. Harry and the goblin stare at  each other, as  if testing one another.  Fin ally, Harry There is a sword in Madam Lestrange\u2019s vault  identical to this one, but it is a fake.  It was placed there thi s past summer. The replica is very convincing. Only a goblin wou ld recognize that this is the true Sword of Gryffindor. It was not my place to ask, nor did I desire to.  There are more than a few curiou s things in the vaults at Gringotts. Perhaps. I have no inte rest in gold.17. That is my price. I have your word,  Harry Potter, that you will give me the Sword of Gryffindor if I help you? Griphook extends his hand.  Harry reaches ou t, takes it. Good morning?  Good morning? You\u2019re Bellatr ix Lestrange, not some dewy-eyed  schoolgirl! She gives us away and we might as well use that swo rd to slit our own throats.  Understand? Time will tell. Harry\u2019s eyes meet Griphook\u2019s in the flickering darkness, then Ron\u2019s face appears over Har ry\u2019s shoulder. I should ha ve known -- Furiously, Griphook sta rts to throw le vers, trying to slow the cart. The Thief\u2019s Downf all.  Washes away all enchantments.  Can be deadly. No. Before the trio c an savor this We need him! Well done. The trio watch th e goblins go, e xchange a glance. Unnerved.  Just t hen a Go on. She looks unsure.  Then gives it a We\u2019ll only have a few seconds.  In other words... they\u2019ll be no do- overs.  Understood? The trio eye the dragon, nod. Ready, Bogrod? They\u2019ve added Gemino  and Flagrante Curses!  Ev erything you touch will burn and multiply! The multiplying bowls skitter  across the floor and flip into the air.  As one caroms off Ron\u2019s shoe,  it bursts into twenty more. We\u2019ll be crush ed!  Hurry!34. I said I\u2019d get yo u in.  I never said anything abo ut getting you out. Pivoting swiftly,  he Thieves!  H elp!  Thieves!", "BILL": "Fleur\u2019s seeing to  Ollivander. Anyone else need tending -- He eyes Harry curiou sly, crouched, his back tur ned.  Then sees Dobby\u2019s limp li ttle legs dangling lifelessly.  As the others watch,  Harry reach es out and --  gently as he can -- pulls the dagger from Dobby\u2019s chest, the n shrugs It was our Aunt\u2019 s.  We used to come here as kids.  The Order uses it now as a sa fe house -- what\u2019s left of us, at least. Luna ponders this , then taps the  chime again. You\u2019re leaving , aren\u2019t you. And Griphook? Listen, I don\u2019t k now what you\u2019re up to, but I know  goblins.  If you\u2019ve struck any  kind of bargain with Griphook, yo u must be exceptionally careful to live up to it.  If you do n\u2019t... he won\u2019t", "FLEUR": "He\u2019s too weak.18. This is the closest I could find to what you de scribed, Hermione.", "LUNA (O.S.)": "The sky has lost a star. Luna\u2019s image skit ters across the mi rror\u2019s surface and Harry looks up, finds her standing there clutching a small", "HAIR.": "", "BELLATRIX (HERMIONE)": "Well, how do I look? Oh dear, I missed  a spot, didn\u2019t (cheerily) Good morning. The Warlock ey es her oddly, then continue s on.  As Hermione retreats back into the alley,  Griphook emerges from the shadows,  his voice h arsh and mocking.25. I hardly think that will be necessary.26. I wish to ente r my vault. I don\u2019t like to be kept waiting. Hermione\u2019s tone is harsh, authorita tive.  She turns to Ron, raises an eyebrow.  He nods, mouths \u201cWell done,\u201d then looks away, eyeing  the guards statio ned about the room.  One looks up, meets  his gaze. He\u2019s with me. (with utter disdain) As difficult as t hat may be to imagine. Ron frowns, ta kes in the s cene again.  Th e And why should  I do that? Just then, the guard  across the roo m begins to walk toward Ron.  Ron\u2019 s eyes dance.  He averts his face, No, I most certai nly do not understand -- Sensing Harry\u2019s pres ence, she falters,  her own voice emerging throu gh Bellatrix\u2019s.  Bogr od eyes her intensely.", "WARLOCK": "Madam Lestrange.", "AGED GOBLIN": "Identification. (looking up) Madam Lestr ange!  Dear me!  How may I help you today? I see.  Very well .  Excuse me, won\u2019t you? The goblin slips off  his stool, goes to consult with another, even mor e ancient goblin But... Bogrod, there have been special instructions  regarding the Lestrange vault. Yes, sir, but our instructions  are very specific --", "TALL GOBLIN": "Next. Ron turns, sees the Tall Gobl in eyeing him.", "GRIPHOOK (V.O.)": "They know! Ron stiffens, tur ns slightly toward the empty s pot to his left.  They know she\u2019s an imposter! They\u2019ve been warned! Ron looks back, watches the two goblins return to Hermione.", "BOGROD": "Madam Lestrang e.  Would you mind presenting you r wand? It\u2019s the bank\u2019s p olicy.  I\u2019m sure you understand, g iven the current climate -- I\u2019m afraid I must insist. As the guard c loses on Ron, Ron loo ks about frantically, reaching for his wand when a Very well, Madam Lestrange.  If you will follow me. I\u2019m fully aware of  that.  I\u2019m also aware the Lestran ges are one of our oldest and most respected families. Let me be specific  with you, Ricbert.  I\u2019ve ru n this bank for forty-five years,  long before anyone had even h eard of a Death Eater.  The day m ay come that they feel they can run this place Madam, if you will, I will escort you myself. (to the guard) Teffington, see to that door, will you. The guard glances at Ron, then reluctantly h eads for the entrance.  Ron qu ickly falls in line behind Hermione as What the devil ar e you all doing down here! They all turn, seeing a soaki ng Bogrod, clea nsed of the Imperius curse, backing away in angry confusion. Is this your doin g, Griphook?  You have no rights here anymore.  When you gave up your keys, you -- Hermione and Harr y raise their w ands.  Too late. Hm?  Oh.  Yes.   Of course. Bogrod holds up h is hand, waggles it.  Griphook nods, eyes the dragon.  Its eyes glimmer angrily.  Griphook raises the instrument... and", "CUT TO:": "  ", "ANOTHER ANGLE": "", "HARRY (O.S.)": "Imperio. The door glides s hut.  The wind die s.  Bogrod blinks. I think I can hel p you out with that... ... Harry appears.", "HARRY/RON/HERMIONE": "Lumos! A", "WELT.": "", "GUARDS.": "", "VOLDEMORT": "The boy has disco vered our secret, Nagini.  We must find out just how much he knows.  We must return to our hiding places and see if the others are safe. A (to Nagini) And you, my fr iend, must stay close... As the great snake wends i ts way around V oldemort\u2019s feet, we see a They never learn.  Such a pity. Voldemort smiles,  as if amuse d.  His eyes gleam fiercely. Begin. Bellatrix Nagini.  Come. Voldemort begins to slip away, Stop looking at h er.  She smells your fear.  It ag itates her.  Be grateful she\u2019 s just eaten. Lucius glances nervously to t he weathered fl oor, to the I do not need to seek the boy! Before the night is out, he will come to me!  Do you understand! How do you live with yourself, Lucius? (eyeing him with disgust) Go.  Find Severus .  Tell him I need to see hi m immediately. Why doesn\u2019t it  work for me? No!  I am extraordinary!  But the wand resists me!92. Does it? Voldemort holds the wand to the wav ering light aga in, his eyes on Snape. The wand.  Does it  truly answer to me? Snape says nothin g.  For a moment, he and Voldemort stand perfectly stil l, two faces in th e darkness, the only sound the lapping of the lake.  Har ry studies Snape\u2019s face -- calm, composed -- then notes t he hand concealed You\u2019re a clever man, Severus. Surely you must know. Snape remains silent.  His gaze shifts to  Nagini, still skimming slowly o ver the floor. Where, Severus?  Where does its loyalty lie? Snape looks away from Nagini, sees Voldemort staring at him. The Elder Wand cannot serve me properly, Severus , because I am not its true master.  93. You have been a g ood and faithful servant, Severus. Voldemort raises the wand, points it at Snape\u2019s throat. But only I can  live forever... Voldemort sweeps his arm away, turn ing the wand on Nagini. Kill. Snape\u2019s eyes shift.. . meet the snake\u2019 s.  The snake strikes.  Harry\u2019s Nagini!  Come! He sweeps from th e room, toward the  lake\u2019s quivering darkness, the giant snake slithe ring after. I thought he would come.  I was, it seems...  mistaken. Harry Potter.  The Boy Who  Lived. Come to die. Nagini I do not requi re assistance. Across the cle aring, Voldemort rises shakily, Bellatrix at his elbow.  The Death Eaters watch, stirring uncertainly.  Voldem ort glances toward Narcissa, toward Harry.  Bellatrix detects the wary glint in his eyes. Behold, Nagini.  Our work is done.  Stupid girl.  You cry for that? Voldemort gestures to  the body lying s till in Hagrid\u2019s arms. (addressing all) Tell me.  These l ast few hours -- as you collect ed the dead and tended your wound ed -- was he by your side? Voldemort surveys  the throng, who s tand mute.  He nods, While your hands ran  dark with the blood of mothers and sons, fathers and daughters, brothers and sisters, his w ere clasped in prayer -- but it was a prayer for one and one only.   While you So do no t cry for that.  He\u2019s not worthy of your te ars.  And do not despair of his betra yal.  You were never in his hear t.  Not for one single soli tary beat. Did you not hear me!  H arry Potter is dead!  From this day forward, you put your faith in me or suffer the consequences.  Now is the tim e to declare yourself. There is a ner vous Well done, Draco.  Who will be next?  Hm?  Co me now, don\u2019t be shy. We Well, I must say,  I\u2019d hoped for better.  Is th is truly the best Hogwarts has to offer? The Death Eate rs laugh.  Bell atrix grins in cruel amusement. Who might you be, young man? Well, welcome, Ne ville.  I\u2019m sure we can find a pla ce for you in our ranks. Now, now, B ellatrix.  Let\u2019s not underestimate our young friend. By stepping forward, he lives to see another day... Voldemort\u2019s eyes shift,  regard those stan ding before him. The implication of his statement is not lost  on them. Very well, Neville.  I\u2019m sure we\u2019d all be fascinated to hear what you have to say. Neville turns to the  others, their wea ry faces regarding him with confu sion, suspicion. Nagini!  With me! Voldemort, his cl oak swirling li ke water, the great snake at his heel, s trides toward the stairs and Leave her! Voldemort\u2019s eyes glitte r with I said (in Parseltongue) Now, my sweet.   Now. Harry turns, sees  Nagini, only yards away, rising to strike.  He fires  instinctively, th en dashes for the balustrade and  leaps... ... into the air... Nagini! He waits, sees  the giant s nake begin to wend its way down.  Then passes through  the door. Die!  Die! Voldemort\u2019s face Why do you live! As Voldemort\u2019s fa ce looms close, eyein g Harry like a curious specim en, Harry looks up. It belongs to me!  I killed Snape!", "HERMIONE/RON": "What?", "ABERFORTH": "Sorry to he ar it.  I li ked that elf. Mundungus F letcher, \u2018bo ut a year ago.45. Sirius.  Albus  told me.  He also told me that y ou\u2019d likely be hacked off if you ever found out I had it.  But ask yourself where you\u2019d be if I didn\u2019t. Harry doesn \u2019t respond. Right then.  Reck on you\u2019re hungry. Let\u2019s get you fed, then think of the best way to get you out of here. The Order is f inished.  You-Know- Who\u2019s won.  An yone who says otherwise is k idding themselves. The trio exchange  glances.  Did he now?  Nice job?  Easy? An awkward sil ence, the te nsion heavy. * You know what to do... * The girl smile s, turns, and w alks away, growing slowly * smaller in the paint ing with each step  she takes. *", "HARRY *": "We\u2019ve been hunting H orcruxes.  We * think the last one\u2019s in the * school.  But we\u2019ll need your help * getting in.  *46. Dumbledore trusted m e, to see this * through. * Why should he... * I only care about the D umbledore I * knew.  I trusted him. * I had no reaso n not to -- * You\u2019re drunk. *47. Because I need  to.  Because if I * don\u2019t, I don\u2019t know who I am * anymore.  I\u2019ve lost too many * people to lie down now.  I\u2019m not * interested in wha t happened * between you and y our brother, I * Where\u2019ve you sent her? *", "ABERFORTH *": "It\u2019s not a job my  brother\u2019s given * you, it\u2019s a suicide mission.  Do * yourself a favor boy .  Go home.  * Live a litt le longer. * What makes you think  you can trust * him!  What makes you think you can * believe anything my brother told * you!  In all t he time you knew * him, did he ever mention my  name?  * Did he ever mention hers? * Keep secrets?  Yo u tell me. * Did you now?  And  why is that? * That\u2019s a boy\u2019s answe r.  A boy who * goes chasing Horcruxes on the word * of a man who won\u2019 t even tell him * where to start.  You\u2019re lying.  * Not just to me, which doesn\u2019t * matter, but to yo urself as well.  * You don\u2019t strike me as a fool, Mr. * Potter.  So I\u2019ll ask  you again.  * There must be a r eason.  Why do * you trust anything my b rother ever * said to you?  Why? * Harry stands mute, h is face at war with itself.  For a * You\u2019ll see soon enough. * She\u2019ll alwa ys be beautiful. * Ron and Harry gla nce at each oth er, confused. * My brother sac rificed many  things, * Mr. Potter, in his journey  to find * power, incl uding her.  She was * devoted to him -- he gave her * everything, but time. * Aberforth looks to  the empty frame. *", "HERMIONE *": "That\u2019s Ariana, is n\u2019t it?  Your * sister.  She\u2019 s beautiful. * She died very you ng, didn\u2019t she. * This hangs. *48. (softly) * Neville... * The", "RON *": "Who\u2019s that with h er?  Bloody * hell... * As", "NEVILLE": "I knew you\u2019d come !  I told them all!  Harry Potte r would never abandon Hogwarts! * Like hell?  I rec kon.  This is nothing.  Seamus is worse.  You\u2019ll see.  Hermi one!  Ron! Neville embraces the m, then turns to Aberforth. Hey, Ab.  There m ight be a couple more people on  the way. The trio turns, s ee Aberforth st anding in the doorway, watching Ariana d rift back into the canvas.  Neville turns to Harry, Ron and He rmione.  Smi les again. Well?  Ready? That\u2019s because it  never existed till now.  The seven secret passages were sea led off before the start of t he year.  This is the only way in or out now.  The grounds are crawl ing with Death Hardly ever see h im.  It\u2019s the Carrows you have to watch out for. Brother and siste r.  They\u2019re in charge of disc ipline.  Like punishment, th e Carrows. Neville points to a Today\u2019s Dark Arts  lesson had us practicing the Cr uciatus Curse. On First Years.  I refused. Hogwarts ha s changed. The others loo k shocked.  Neville grins. Aw, c\u2019mon.  Don\u2019t be grim.  We\u2019re all used to it by now.  And the thing is, it h elps when people stand up, gives e veryone hope.  I used to notice th at when you did it, Harry.  C\u2019mon , we\u2019re almost Let\u2019s have a bit of fun, shall we? (pushing open the door) Hey!  Listen up, you lot!  I\u2019ve brought you a surprise! Get the word out to Remus and the others that Harry\u2019s back. Nigel nods, scrambles over to  a battered Okay, okay!  Stan d down!  Let\u2019s not kill them bef ore You-Know-Who gets the chance! (as they settle) Right then.  W hat\u2019s the plan, Harry? What is it? What is it, Ginny? Let me get this straight, Professor.  You\u2019 re giving us permission to do this? To blow it up.   Boom. Wicked. (a frown) Um... exactly how do you propose we do this, Professor? You do know wh at you\u2019re doing, don\u2019t you, Seamus? Seamus winks, giv es a thumbs-up -- he seems to be enjoying himself, perhaps inordinately  so.  Neville exhales, shake s his head. Blimey. Neville looks off th en, peering back a long the bridge\u2019s spine to where Ginny stands at  the far end.  Seeing him, she raises her hand to wave... t hen goes still,  her hand suspended in the air , looking past Nev ille as a Not good. Ha!  Ha! Scabior stops short, eyeing the area a head warily. Neville begins to Yeah!  You and  whose army! He grins, rais es his wand and , with a Sorry. (rubbing his  elbow) Ow. Not good. Neville starts to back up slowly, t hen turns heel and pelts back up the  bridge.  Plumes rain down from the sky. Enemy spells s kitter at Neville\u2019s feet.  He looks back, sees Scabior and the  others closing like a herd of wildebeests. Are you blo ody joking?! She lifts her wan d, ready to (to himself) Oh God -- (sarcastically) Well done, Seamus! That was ki nd of exciting. Seamus grins a nd winks knowingly.  Gin ny shakes he r head. Not good. Never better!  Fe el like I could spit fire!  Haven \u2019t seen Luna, have you? I\u2019m mad for her!  Think it\u2019s about time I told her, seeing as  there\u2019s a pretty good chance  we\u2019ll both be dead by dawn!80. Don\u2019t mention it.91. Neville Longbottom. I\u2019d like to say something. Voldemort\u2019s brow fur rows vaguely.  As he studies Neville, we -- It doesn\u2019t mat ter that Harry is gone. A troubled People die every day.  Friends. Family.  Yes, we lost Harry tonight.  But he\u2019s still with us, here -- (tapping his  heart) And so is Fred and Remus and Tonks This isn\u2019t over. Harry!  Look out! Harry wheels, sees Voldemort drawing a bead on him.  As Harry begins to r aise his wand, Nevill e steps between, brandishing th e sword... ... just as Volde mort\u2019s", "SEAMUS (O.S.)": "Not more of Aberf orth\u2019s cooking, I hope.  Be a surprise if we could digest it. Neville looks back, jerks his head toward th e open door. Harry, Ron and Hermione step forward, duck t hrough and... That\u2019s it.  I wan t a charge on each and ev ery joist. Neville peers below.  Down amongst the  pilings, Seamus directs", "SEAMUS": "Blimey. ... That\u2019s nothing to go on. Harry falters, then his gaze happens upon the Got loads of those, though, doesn\u2019t she?  The re\u2019s only one Harry. I can bring \u2018er down. Woah!  Easy  up there! Neville looks down, see s Seamus -- draped  in He\u2019s good... The remainders be gin to discharge, tripping off like firecrackers, one section after anothe r vanishing... He\u2019s good... ... including the  section under Nev ille\u2019s feet... And he is gone.Ginny (grinning) Told yeh I\u2019d b ring \u2018er down.78. (angrily) Stand down,  Neville! Seamus tries to push  forward but Ron g rips his arm , holds him back, thou gh not happily.123.", "NIGEL": "River,", "speaks:": "", "DEAN": "Where is it? Yes, sir. As Dean starts off, the grounds beyond and below come", "CHO": "Yes, but Lu na, it\u2019s lost.  For centuries now.  There\u2019s not a person alive today who\u2019s seen it. Her fellow Rav enclaws nod.  Ron frowns. It\u2019s a kind of crown.  You know, like a tiara. As she says this, Harry frowns, try ing to think if he\u2019s seen such a thing in the castle. Ravenclaw\u2019s was r umored to have magical properties, to enhance the wisdom of the wearer. 53.", "GINNY": "Harry. Snape knows.  He knows that Harry was spotted in Hogsmeade. Ready!? What? Mad.  The b oth of you. Just then, a thun dering I know. Then she is of f, running, gone. It\u2019s all right .  We\u2019re going to get you inside. Ginny crouches ov er the tiny Ravenclaw  girl, who is Don\u2019t worry.  I w on\u2019t leave you. I promise. Ginny strokes the sobbing girl\u2019s ha ir, her own face haunted by sorrow.  Harry studies her,  moved, then continues on.  A moment later , Ginny turn s, looks to the place where he wa s standing... but finds only darkness. ... Hagrid\u2019s carrying? Neville just star es, mute.  H er eyes shift t hen, to him, and he sees they are glistening faintly.  Her voice, when she speaks, nearl y gets lost in the  morning breeze. Neville, who is that? Before he can ans wer, others begin to spill out of the castle.  Luna and  Seamus.  Cho.  Arthur Weasley .  Ron and Hermione emerge a nd, seeing the pro cession... know. Hermione draws a sharp breath and s omething about it -- the unadulterated  sense of lo ss contained wi thin it -- No...", "ALECTO CARROW": "Put a smile on, Miss Reynolds. Wouldn\u2019t want me to have to pay a visit to Daddy again, would you?", "SNAPE": "Many of you are surely wondering why I have summon ed you here at this hour.  It ha s come to my attention that  earlier this evening... Harry Potter was sighted in Hogsmeade. I mention this  in the hopes that truth will not be supplanted by rumor.  55. Now then.  If anyone here has knowledge of Mr. Potter\u2019s movements this ev ening... I invite them to step f orward now. Snape\u2019s eyes rake the Hall.  Dead s ilence.  A nervous shift of glances.   And then... You have performe d extraordinary magic with thi s wand, my Lord.  In the last few hours alone -- There is no wa nd more powerful. Ollivander himself said it. Tonight, wh en the boy comes to you, it will not fail you, I am sure.  It answers  to you and you only. My Lord? With you, of c ourse, my Lord. Voldemort star es long at Snape, then, finall y My Lord -- Take them... Harry looks co nfused, hesitant. Take them! Snape\u2019s face Please. Snape holds Harry captive briefly, then drops b ack to the floor.  Harry blinks, shaken. They are th e same... Harry searches Sn ape\u2019s face, trying to decipher his words.  Snape sta res at Harry in wonder, lost in his eyes, then his pupils dilate, his voice trailing off. You have your mother\u2019s eyes... Snape\u2019s face goes slack.  Harry shiver s.  Ron reappears. No!  Don\u2019t kill me! A (rising) None.  I come on my own account. I come with a... request. Dumbledore\u2019s eyes flicker briefl y with in terest.  He studies Snape\u2019s fearful face. Yes. Only what I heard.  But now... he thinks it r efers to her. Yes!  But he thin ks it\u2019s her son! He intends to hunt them down now! To kill them! Dumbledore eyes S nape craftily. I have asked. She\u2019s more than that!  She\u2019s different!  Be autiful.  Kind. (looking away) Hide them all.  I beg you. Anything. The wind rises again, the You said you woul d keep her safe!  He doesn\u2019t need protection.  The Dark Lord has gone -- No one can kno w.  Your word. He exhibits no measurable talent. His arrogance riv als even his father\u2019s.  And he  seems to relish his fame. You see what y ou want to see. Severus walks on.  Dumbledore smiles with amusement. Why did you put it  on?  Surely you realized it ca rried a curse. Drink the rest.  It will contain the curse to the hand for the time being. Dumbledore\u2019s eyes open, examine his damaged fingers. It will spread. Maybe a year. Dumbledore nods, smiles. It is not expecte d that he will succeed. You ask too much. Tell him what? So when the time comes, the boy must die. You\u2019ve kept him alive so that he can die at the pr oper moment. You\u2019ve been raisi ng him like a pig for slaughter. Expecto Patronum! A blast of Always... We", "FOOTSTEPS.": "A", "VOLDEMORT (V.O.)": "I know that many of you will want to fight.  Some of you may even think this wise.  But this is folly. We I wish you no harm.  I have great respect for the students of Hogwarts.  I was once one myself after all.  I ask  for but one thing and if g ranted no magical blood shall be spilt... Give me Harry Potter .  Do this and none shall be harmed .  Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave Hogwarts untouche d.  Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded. With that, the wh isper recedes and those in the Hall You have fought valiantly... but in vain.  I do not wish this. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a terr ible waste.  95.", "PANSY PARKINSON": "But he\u2019s there!  Potter\u2019s there! Someone grab him! Instinctively, Ginny steps in front of Harry, wand drawn. Then, as one, the Gryffindors assemble in a line and face towards the Sl ytherins, shielding H arry.  Momen ts later, the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs do t he same.  Harry\u2019s eyes You let us out  of here, you filthy squib! Filch grins, s haking the ring  of keys in his  hand, then turns away.  79.", "FILCH": "Students out of b ed!  Students in the corridors! Filch stops dead, as Oh.  Sorry, mum. Filch begins to  turn away. Right away. (stopping) Er, exactly where is it I\u2019d be leadin\u2019 em to, mum? Night-tee night.", "FLITWICK": "You realize, of  course, that nothing we do will be  able to keep out You-Know-W ho indefinitely.", "MADAM SPROUT": "That doesn\u2019t mean we can\u2019t hold him up.", "INTO VIEW.": "", "TEACHERS": "Protego Maxima... Finato Duri... Repello Inimicum...", "WOODEN BRIDGE.": "", "THICKNESSE": "But, my Lord, should n\u2019t we wait -- Voldemort\u2019s eyes shift, killing the  remainder of Thicknesse\u2019s sentenc e before it can es cape his throat. Bellatrix\u2019s eyes nar row in contempt.  Chilled, Thicknesse looks away.  Then -- as if bu rying a knife d eep in the heart of an en emy... Bellatrix drops her arm.", "FRED": "Nice night for it! Harry turns  to Luna.", "KINGSLEY SHACKLEBOLT": "Tell Professor McGonagall Remus and I will handle this side of the castle. Dean! (as Dean stops) On second thought, tell Professor McGonagall we mig ht need one or two more wa nds this side. Dean nods, continues on, merely trading a glance with Who said that?", "LUPIN": "It\u2019s the qu ality of one\u2019s conviction that determines success, not the number of one\u2019s followers. Lupin stares s traight ahead, as does Shacklebolt. Me. For the first time, they look at ea ch other, share a fatalistic smile.   Just th en Speaking of  quality. Tonks rushes past the Weasleys, lightly touchin g Arthur\u2019s arm as she leaps int o Lupin\u2019s embrace.  He hugs her deeply. You shouldn\u2019t hav e.  It\u2019s Teddy who needs you. And he will want it to be quick. Others will te ll him what his mother and father  died for. Someday he\u2019ll understand... A", "TONKS": "He\u2019ll sleep \u2018t il dawn and snore like his father.  It\u2019s you who needs me tonight. He looks her in  the eye, not denying it.  Then a", "Goyle:Draco.": "", "GOYLE": "C\u2019mon, Draco.  Do n\u2019t be a prat. Just do \u2019im. Draco\u2019s hand twit ches, his brow conflicted, then his eyes shift -- catch si ght of Hermione, in  Avada Kedavra! The spell caro ms off the ston e bust instead,  sending the diadem spinning into the air. Ron fires a flurry of  spells at Goy le, but he manages to elude them all by crashing th rough the wall of junk.  As it", "ABLAZE...": "", "LUCIUS MALFOY": "Forgive me, my Lo rd, but wouldn\u2019t it be more pruden t to call off this battle and seek the boy yourself? Of c-course, my Lord.90. Draco... Draco looks up , sees his f ather summon him forth with a short nod.  He hesitates.  Luciu s smiles thinly. Draco, don\u2019t be stupid --121.", "TRELAWNEY": "There\u2019s more to me than incense and tea leaves , Mr. Finnegan. Dean trades spell s with a Dea th Eater, while  Luna There\u2019s more to me than incense and tea leaves , Mr. Finnegan.", "NIGHT": "... poised on the threshold, looking in.", "SNAPE (O.S.)": "Lily... Then...", "PETUNIA EVANS": "We\u2019re going home. Petunia takes Lily\u2019s arm, turns -- and st ops.  A", "YOUNG SNAPE": "She\u2019s jealous.  Because she\u2019s ordinary and you\u2019re special. It\u2019s true.  You k now so yourself. Snape turns his head, notes the frown knitte d across Lily\u2019s brow.  He pee rs back up, sta ring hard at  the tree limb above.  The leaves begin to", "LILY EVANS": "That\u2019s mean.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "DUMBLEDORE": "That wasn\u2019t my  intention. Snape stares f earfully at him. Stand up, S everus.  I h aven\u2019t much time.  What me ssage do you bring from Lord Voldemo rt this time? Is this about the Prophecy? How much di d you relay? The Prophecy did not refer to a woman.  It spoke of a boy born at the end of July -- If she means so  much to you, surely Lord Voldemort would spare her in exchang e for the boy.101. You disgust me .  You would sacrifice the life of an innocent child over a schoolboy crush? And should I do s o, what will you give me in return , Severus? Lily and James  put their faith in the wrong person.   Rather like you, Severus. Snape reels, s taring miserably at the The boy survives. Snape\u2019s eyes shift.  Regard Dumbledore. He has her eyes. If you loved Lily Evans, Severus. If you truly loved her.  Then your way is clear.102. The Dark Lord wil l return.  And the boy will be in  terrible danger when he does. Snape stares once more at the sk y beyond.  Then, My word that I sh all never reveal the best of you, Severus?  If you insist. Snape continues to s tare at the sky.  We Sometimes we see what we expect to see, Severus.  Ot her teachers indicate the boy is modest, likeable and whil e no prodigy, possesses above-a verage gifts. Personally, I fin d him rather Perhaps.  O h.  Severus. (as he stops) Keep an eye on Pr ofessor Quirrell, won\u2019t you?103. I was... fooli sh... greedy... For the tim e being? How long? Well, this makes mat ters much more straightforward. Snape studies Dum bledore briefly, looks away. Do not igno re me, Severus.   Was it not you who told me of Lord Voldemort\u2019s pl an to have the Malfoy boy murder me? But should he fai l, one would presume the Dark Lord will turn to... you.104. You must agree. Snape stares in horror at Dumbledore.  Dumbledore nods. Yes.  You must be  the one to kill me, Severus.  It is the only way. Only then will th e Dark Lord trust you completely. (thundering) Too much!  Nothing I could ask is too much.  You know what is at stake!  You mo re than anyone! Snape says not hing.  Dumbledore sit s back, painfully studies his hand. There will come a time when Harry Potter must be told something. But you must wait  until Voldemort is at his m ost vulnerable. On the night Lord  Voldemort went to Godric\u2019s Hollow to kill Harry, and Lily Potter cast herself between them, the cu rse rebounded. When that happ ened, a part  of Lord Voldemort\u2019s soul latched itself onto the only liv ing thing it There\u2019s a reason Harry can speak with snakes.  There\u2019 s a reason he can look into Lord Voldemort\u2019s mind.  A part of Lord Voldemort lives inside him.105. Yes.  And Voldemo rt himself must do it.  That is essential. Snape nods, po ndering all of thi s.  His voic e is bitter. But this is to uching, Severus. Don\u2019t tell me you\u2019v e grown to care for the boy? Snape eyes Dumbledore f iercely, Lily.  After all this time? You cannot help. Harry spins, f inds Dumbledore standing withi n the mist. At the sight of Harry, Dumbledor e beams and spreads his arms wide.  His h and is whole, no  longer damaged. Harry.  You wonde rful boy.  You brave, brave man.   Let us walk. Oh, yes. Ah.  That is t he question, isn\u2019t it?  On the wh ole I think not. Not.112. And that will, I think, have made all the dif ference.  I suspect you now realize that you and Voldemort have been connect ed by something other than fate s ince that night in Godric\u2019s Hollo w all those years Did.  It was just destroyed only moments ago by none other than Voldemort himself. Harry plays his fingers ov er his sternum. You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry; the Hor crux he never meant to make. Certain?  No.  Li ttle is certain in this world,  Harry.  Call it an educated guess. Dumbledore smiles.  Harry ponders t his, then, d eep in the mist, the Something beyond either of our help. Harry ponders his  surroundings. I was going to ask you that. Where would you say that we are? King\u2019s Cross!  Is  that right? Well, this is, as  they say, your party. Harry looks perpl exed by this, b ut Dumbledor e only smiles. You will have to forgive me, Harry.  You see.. . I didn\u2019t trust you. Harry stares at him.  F or the first ti me, Dumbledore looks troubled. I feared that you would make the same mistake I ma de, that you would be in toxicated by the power the Hallows promise their possessor.  But I crave your pardon, Harry.  It\u2019s  clear to me You are the wo rthy possessor of the Hallows, Harry, not me .  I was fit to own the El der Wand, because I took it not for  gain, but to save others from it.   But I took the Stone because  I longed to Yes. Harry ponders thi s, then frowns. True.  But ask yourself (looking him in the eye) You are the true master of death, Harry, because th e true master does not seek to run away from death.  He accepts that he must That is up to you. Oh yes.  We are in King\u2019s Cross, you say?  I think , should you so decide, you would  be able to, let\u2019s say, boa rd a train. On. Harry nods. True. Yes. \u2018Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.\u2019 Harry glanc es at him. I have always prized  my ability to turn a phrase -- wor ds are, in my not so humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source  of magic, capable both of i nflicting injury and remedying it.  But I would -- I\u2019ve never put much stock in miracles, H arry.  On the other hand, I can attes t wholly to the extensive a dvantages of  a related phenomenon.116. Luck. Harry studies Dum bledore\u2019s face, then peers back i nto the mist again.  T he Do not pity the dead, Harr y.  Pity the living and, a bove all, those who live without love. Actually, if I think about it... it doesn\u2019t seem curious at all. (a smile) I\u2019ll be going now, Harry. Of course it is  happening inside your head, Harry.  But why should that mean that it  is not real? Dumbledore beams as the mist thickens around him, then swallows him altogether...", "DUMBLEDORE (V.O.)": "The irony of cour se, Severus, is that -- in the end -- you and the boy desire the same thing...106.", "OLIVER WOOD": "I\u2019ll take him from here. Oliver throws Nigel over his shoulder, enter s the Great Hall.  Neville watches them go, looking, for a moment, very old.  Then, wea rily, he turns, headi ng back outside.", "YOUNG GIRL": "I kept calling.  No one came.", "LILY POTTER": "You\u2019ve been so brave, sweetheart. We never left, dear. Always... Harry glances back, toward th e Forest\u2019s E dge, takes a last look at the cas tle in the distanc e, then sets off. Dozens of", "SIRIUS BLACK": "Quicker than f alling asleep.109. No.  We\u2019re her e, you see. Harry turns to his mother.", "JAMES POTTER": "You\u2019re near ly there, son. Until the end.", "VIEW.": "", "YAXLEY": "No sign of him , my Lord. Voldemort nods, unmoving. Quiet! He flicks his wand and Hagrid  slumps, goes silent.  A", "HAGRID": "", "NARCISSA (O.S.)": "(in a whisper) Is he alive...?", "NARCISSA": "Is he al ive?  Draco? Harry hesitates and then... nods  -- so subtl y it\u2019s barely perceptible.  Nar cissa withdraws he r hand, turns to where Bellatrix stan ds alongside Voldemort.  Nods.   The Death Eaters Come, Draco. Her tone is quiet, but absolu te.  Draco l ooks into her eyes, then ducks his head and st eps forward, avoiding the baleful glances d irected his way  as he cr osses the gulf between factions.  Ron mutters poisonously as  he passes.", "SORTING HAT": "Don\u2019t despair, Longbottom.  I put you in Gryffin dor for good reason... The Hat", "GINNY (O.S.)": "Who\u2019s that? Neville turns, sees that Ginn y has come o ut onto the broken steps a nd is staring at the procession.", "ARTHUR WEASLEY": "What\u2019s going on here, Neville?119.", "ANGRY.": "", "HISSES.": "Harry stumbles back, freak ed out,", "BLURRY POV": "", "MRS. WEASLEY": " Back off, boys!  She\u2019s mine! (glaring at Bellatrix) You will never to uch my children again!132.", "PLUME.": "", "OLDER HARRY": "Together? Albus nods and, s ide by side, they run the t rolley at the barrier and...139. There\u2019s nothing scary about thestrals.  They\u2019re gentle things. Anyway, you won\u2019t be  going up to school in the car riages.  You\u2019ll be going in th e boats, remember? Albus nods, looks down. Albus Severus Pot ter.  You were named after two Headmasters of Hogwarts.  One of them was a Slytherin.  And he was probably the bravest ma n I ever knew. Albus nods, th inks for a mome nt... then frowns. Then Slytherin House will have gained a wonderful wizard.  But listen, if it mea ns so much to you, you can c hoose Gryffindor. The Sorting Hat t akes your choice into account. Really. The Ready?", "OLDER HERMIONE": "Don\u2019t forget to give Professor Longbottom our best.", "ALBUS": "Will there really be thestrals pulling the carriages? Harry eyes his  son warmly. Dad? What if I\u2019m put in Slytherin? Harry studies his son long and hard.  Leans close. But just say I am -- Really? Ready. They stand, consi der each other for a moment, then"}, "harry-potter-and-the-halfblood-prince.pdf": {"DARKNESS.": "", "THROUGH.": "", "CUT TO:": "A    ", "DISSOLVE INTO:": " ", "CUT INTO:": "", "THE STORM": "itself and... ...", "BELLATRIX": "Cissy!You mustn\u2019t do this.  He can\u2019t be trusted. The Dark Lord is mistaken. Narcissa turns, shocked.  Bellatrix looks shocked herself, rain running down her cheeks . * Or so I believe. He livesin this Muggle dunghill? Wormtail glowers over his shoulder at her.  They pass into... You must be joking. Snape smiles faintly, brings the goblet to his own lips. You?The Dark Lord told you? You should feel honored, Cissy. As should Draco -- Swear to it. Snape\u2019s eyes shift, meet Bellatrix\u2019s challenging gaze. Make the Unbreakable Vow. (asSnape looks away) You see.  It\u2019s just empty words. Oh he\u2019ll try.  He\u2019ll give it his best effort.  But when it matters most he\u2019ll slither back into his Will you, Severus Snape, watch over Draco Malfoy as he attempts to fulfill the Dark Lord\u2019s wishes. And will you, to the best of your ability, protect him from harm? And should it prove necessary, if it seems Draco will fail... will you yourself carry out the deed that the Dark Lord has ordered Draco to perform? Snape\u2019s hand Well now, look what we have here. Dumbledore.  Wandless and alone.  Love to, Albus.  But I\u2019m afraid we\u2019re on a bit of a tight schedule. (to Malfoy) Do it. Malfoy\u2019s wand rises once again.  Harry raises his own, No!  The Dark Lord was clear.  The boy\u2019s to do it.  Go on, Draco. Now! Once again Draco raises his wand, his hand trembling. Harry\u2019s own arm is stiff, sure.  The vein in his hand pulsates... Well, look who\u2019s here.  Hogwarts own Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.  Come to see the slaughter? Draco!  Draco! (ashe turns) They\u2019ll kill you if you stay.", "NARCISSA": "The Dark Lord trusts him. Well, who canone trust these days? I\u2019ve nowhere else to turn, Severus. Snape hands her a goblet, extends one to Bellatrix. I know I ought not to be here. The Dark Lord himself has forbidden me to speak of this --  He\u2019s just a boy! Do you mean it, Severus? Oh, Severus, please, if you would...", "LATER)": "... a room where a Snape fills the last of three goblets with wine. Ron trails Harry toward an open door . *", "SNAPE": "Run along, Wormtail. If the Dark Lord has forbidden it, you ought not to speak. (eyesshifting) Put it down, Bella.  We mustn\u2019t touch what isn\u2019t ours. Bellatrix, As it so happens I\u2019m aware of your situation, Narcissa. Your sister doubts me, Narcissa. Understandable.  Dumbledore is a great wizard. Only a foolwould question it. I can\u2019t change the Dark Lord\u2019s mind.  But it might be possible for me to help Draco.  To provide some... protection. Bellatrix eyes Snape keenly. I can try. Take out your wand. Bellatrix freezes, goblet to her lips.  As she lowers it, a rivulet of red runs out of the corner of her mouth. I will. A I will. A I will. It was his father\u2019s. Snape separates from the shadows.  Draco eyes him warily, then snatches the stick from Filch. It\u2019s alright, Mr. Filch.  I can vouch for Mr. Malfoy. Draco eyes Snape warily again, then begins to slouch off, catches Harry looking. Is this it? McGonagall nods.  Snape takes his wand, lifts the necklace like a dead snake.  Eyes it with fascination. I think Miss Bell is lucky to be alive. Indeed.  Your evidence? You... just... know.  Once again you astonish with your gifts, Potter, gifts mere mortals could only dream of possessing.  How grand it must be to be the Chosen One.HARRY What\u2019s going on back here? Cormac You\u2019ve just bought yourself a month\u2019s detention, McLaggen. McLaggen dashes off.  Harry makes to follow. Not so quick, Potter. ... can surely survive your absence for another minute or two.  From Professor Dumbledore.  He asked that I give you his best and that he hopes you enjoy your holiday.  You see, he\u2019s traveling and won\u2019t return until term resumes. I\u2019ll escort him out. Draco\u2019s eyes shift, regard Snape.  He shrugs free of Filch. I swore to protect you.  I made the Unbreakable Vow -- You\u2019re afraid, Draco.  You attempt to conceal it, but it\u2019s obvious. Let me assist you -- Have you ever considered that you ask too much?  That you take too much for granted?  Has it ever crossed your brilliant mind that I don\u2019t want to do this anymore? I gave my word.  I made a vow... Harry\u2019s eyes dart back and forth frantically, trying to make sense of the scene playing out above.  Snape\u2019s arm rises. Avada Kedavra! A You can no longer stay here. Draco, stunned, stares at the empty place where Dumbledore stood only seconds before.  Snape takes him by the scruff of the neck, forces him through the door, then follows. Harry scrambles up the stairs and lurches to the Go on! Don\u2019t everassociate that word and my name again. Harry raises himself up on one knee, points his wand when... a No!  He belongs to the Dark Lord! Bellatrix eyes Snape levelly, then turns, trots off. Snape glances at Harry, then turns away himself, walking. Harry grimaces, pulls himself to his feet and aims one last time.HARRY You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? Harry goes still.  His eyes shift, meet Snape\u2019s. You may have gotten your mother\u2019s eyes, but you\u2019re as dim as your father.  Yes.  It\u2019s me.  I\u2019m the Half-Blood Prince. Snape kicks Harry\u2019s wand aside and turns away, joining Malfoy and the others where they wait beyond the flaming", "WAITRESS (O.S.)": "Harry Potter.  Who\u2019s Harry Potter? The paper drops, reveals... Harry.  He glances up at the", "HARRY": "Oh.  Um.  No one.  Bit of a tosser. As she leans over to clear his chips wrappings, Harry\u2019s gaze drifts over the smooth skin of her neck, the spray of freckles across one cheek... Really. Hey.  I was wondering... I like riding round on the trains. It takes my mind off... things. Harry hesitates, notices Dumbledore\u2019s hand is I just Apparated, didn\u2019t Can\u2019t imagine why... (glancing about) After all these years , I just sort of roll with it, sir . Dumbledore smiles mildly, then pauses, his face darkening.  Before them stands a My mother\u2019s eyes, yeah. One of my best friends is Muggle- born.  She\u2019s the best in our year. Sir, exactly what was that all -- It\u2019s alright, sir.  I\u2019ll go back tomorrow, make some excuse -- Harry stops.  Dumbledore is shaking his head. But, sir.  What about Hedwig?  And there\u2019s my trunk -- Sir? Dumbledore is gone.  Harry rises, glances about.  In the distance a Didn\u2019t know. (a shrug) * Dumbledore. When\u2019d you get here?HARRY Oh come on... But we\u2019re talking about Hogwarts. Dumbledore. What could be safer? Hermione and Ron exchange another glance. Rubbish.  He\u2019s only -- what? Amazing. Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder? Reckon he\u2019s right... Harry eyes the poster of Bellatrix, her mocking half- smile. Good.  Bad.  Speaking of which... Across the avenue, Dunno.  Let\u2019s get closer. I don\u2019t know.  I\u2019m turned around. What just happened? Don\u2019t you see, it was a ceremony. An initiation. It\u2019s happened.  He\u2019s one of them. So what\u2019s he doing in Borgin and Burke\u2019s?  Browsing for furniture? Look.  His father\u2019s a Death Eater. It only makes sense.  Besides, Hermione sawit.  With her own eyes. I need some air. Luna.  How\u2019d you...? Sorry I made you miss the carriages, Luna. I am your friend, Luna. Professor Flitwick, you\u2019ve known me for five years. Have you ever fixed one?  A nose.HARRY What the hell.  Give it a go.HARRY Well?  How do I look? Brilliant. Later.  What\u2019ve I missed?HARRY Thanks... Just then, the light in the Hall begins to gently dim and all eyes turn to Dumbledore, standing at the top of the Hall, ashen hand raised to the enchanted ceiling, where clouds respond to his gestures and shroud a gleaming full moon. This can\u2019t be good. Ron grins as Harry makes his way \u201cupstream\u201d to McGonagall. Well, you see, I\u2019ve got an open period this morning, Professor -- It is.  Or was.  But I was told I had to get an Outstanding in my Really?  Well... brilliant.  I\u2019ll head there straight away. Um, sorry, sir, but I haven\u2019t got my book yet -- nor\u2019s Ron.  You see --(until this morning...) * Crush it.  Don\u2019t cut it. No.  Really -- Fine, sir. I think he overestimates my abilities, sir. Definitely. Dumbledore smiles affectionately, nods. Sir? No!  I mean... she\u2019s brilliant. And we\u2019re friends.  But... no. Did you know, sir?  Then? You didn\u2019t bring Professor Slughorn back simply to teach Potions, did you, sir? You said Professor Slughorn would try to collect me. Do you want me to let him? Dumbledore trails his ashen fingers in the surface of the Pensieve, vanquishing young Tom Riddle\u2019s face. All right!  Queue up!  Excuse me... Thanks.  All right.  This morning I\u2019ll be putting you all through a few drills to assess your strengths.  But know All right.  Cormac.  Ron.  It\u2019s down to you two for Keeper.  We\u2019ll decide it with a shootout. Demelza, you\u2019ll bring the Quaffle up against Cormac.  Ginny, you\u2019ll take on Ron. Quiet!  I\u2019m Captain.  We do it my way.  Now line up.  On three. One.  Two... Three! Demelza and Ginny rocket forth.  Ron weaves nervously while Cormac hovers in place, a confident sneer on his face.HARRY (under his breath) C\u2019mon, Ron... Demelza hunkers over her broom once again, flying like an arrow, then goes into a wide, sweeping slide.  Ginny blasts over the pitch, ginger hair streaming like flames, then rolls recklessly to the side.  As one, they both let Ever heard of this spell?HARRY (holding it out of reach) No. It\u2019s... old.  The binding is fragile. I didn\u2019t say I wasn\u2019t curious. And, by the way, I don\u2019t sleep with it. And? Good.  That settles it then. Hermione starts to object, Who\u2019s up for a Butterbeer? No.  Over here. Hermione and Ron, in the midst of seating themselves at a perfectly acceptable -- and clean -- table, see Harry seat himself at one strewn with the detritus of a previous customer -- but which puts him in direct view of Slughorn.  They exchange a glance, shrug, join Harry. No, no.  Sit next to me. Ron stops, exchanges another glance with Hermione. Hello, sir.  Wonderful to see you. Hermione, brow wrinkling, turns to Ron, silently So what brings you here, sir? I\u2019d consider it an honor, sir. Dumbledore asked me to... get to know him. Dunno.  But it must be important. Otherwise Dumbledore wouldn\u2019t ask. Slam!  Ron turns, sees that Hermione has emptied his mug as well.  Ron gestures to her upper lip. There\u2019s no time! Suddenly, a She was cursed, wasn\u2019t she?  I know Katie.  Off the Quidditch pitch she wouldn\u2019t hurt a fly.  If she was bringing thatto someone, she wasn\u2019t doing it knowingly. Snape eyes Harry levelly. It was Malfoy.  What does she see in him? You called him a slick gitnot five hours ago. (troubled by this) I suppose. I don\u2019t know.  She\u2019s smart. Funny.  Attractive... You know.  She\u2019s... got nice skin. Well, no.  I mean... I\u2019m just saying it could be a contributing factor. Silence.  I\u2019ve never really thought about it.  But I suppose, yeah.  Very nice. Another silence.  Suddenly it feels weird. I think I\u2019ll be going to sleep now. What? Sorry, sir, I was just admiring your hourglass. I think I\u2019ll be going. The shelf, sir? Slughorn gestures to the I don\u2019t really know how to answer that, sir. Did Voldemort ever make the shelf, sir? Slughorn stiffens, his back to Harry.  His hand trembles and the ice slips from the tongs.  Harry notices. You knew him, didn\u2019t you, sir? Tom Riddle.  You were his teacher. What was he like?HARRY I\u2019m sorry, sir.  Forgive me.  He killed my parents, you see... Harry stops, frowns.  Slughorn turns, studies Harry. Nods. Have it your way.  Juice? Hermione blinks, surprised by Harry\u2019s callousness.  Ron is surprised as well -- and mildly put out. Dunno what you\u2019re talking about. Harry pockets the vial, winks at Luna.  Ron rises. Yep.  Apparently it\u2019s his lucky day. Yeah.  I suppose I could\u2019ve just used, I dunno... a Confundus charm? Ah.  Well... they\u2019re really good. It feels like this. Have you? I just thought, you know, since neither one of us can take who we\u2019d really like... maybe we\u2019d go together.  As friends. So who areyou taking? Really...? Harry considers a fine-boned But I amthe Chosen One. Hermione cocks her head at him, exasperated. Okay.  Kidding.  I\u2019ll just ask someone I like.  Someone cool.HARRY Neville...? And what\u2019s happened to you? Cormac!  That\u2019swho you invited! I think she went to powder her nose. Harry looks past Cormac\u2019s shoulder, out past the hanging and sees Slughorn laughing with a guest.  Cormac plucks a dragon blob off the tray in Harry\u2019s hand, pops it. Dragon balls. As Cormac\u2019s face freezes, Harry starts to head toward Slughorn when the I think I should rejoin the party, sir.  My date... A message...? Traveling?  Where? Snape merely stares a Harry silently, briefly, then exits, taking Harry\u2019s gaze with him, to Slughorn once again, wildly gesturing with a full glass of wine. Positive.  Why? I\u2019d worked that much out for myself, funnily enough. Lovely. I\u2019ll take your word for it. Just then, Hermione passes by, breaks stride as she spots Lavender\u2019s handiwork, then continues on.  Ron shakes his head. So what happens?  If you break an Unbreakable Vow? Ron glowers, watching as Lavender\u2019s heart slowly Draco\u2019s plotting something, I know it, something to do with Voldemort.  He\u2019s been given a task or a mission -- and Snape was offering to help. I know it sounds mad -- That\u2019s not what it sounded like. But Dumbledore can make mistakes. He\u2019s said it himself -- I\u2019m not -- It\u2019s good.HARRY (studying him) Are you alright, Mr. Weasley? Arthur tries a smile, but it fades.  He frowns, pained. (a nod, then) Did you get my owl? Go on.HARRY A Vanishing Cabinet? What happened to it?  The one at Borgin & Burkes? Soon. (sharply) I know who I am, Hermione, alright? (frowning) Sorry. If Dumbledore\u2019s traveling places, it\u2019s news to the Ministry.  But get You tell me. Hermione frowns, pondering this .  Who could tell the difference?HARRY I don\u2019t understand -- what happened? But why would he tamper with his own memory? Why? I don\u2019t know him that well, sir -- Well, sir, I wondered if I might ask you something. Well, you see, the other day I was in the Restricted Section -- in the library -- and I stumbled upon something rather odd while reading.  Something about a bit of rare magic... I\u2019m not sure... That is, I don\u2019t recall the name... exactly.  But it got me wondering... Are there some kinds of magic you\u2019re not allowed to teach? Slughorn looks up, eyes Harry carefully. Yes, well, we don\u2019t exactly see eye-to-eye, sir.  What I mean to say is, he\u2019s not like you.  He might... misunderstand. Recognition flickers in Slughorn\u2019s eyes.  A glint of fear. Did you say the same to Tom Riddle, sir?  When he came asking questions. Slughorn freezes in the doorway, then slowly turns. Sir -- Slughorn silences him with an upraised hand.  Then, without another word, he is gone. Nice. Hermione.  I think Malfoy\u2019s leaving the castle. Hermione stops dead, looks back at Harry.  He nods. I\u2019ve seen it.  Sometimes... sometimes he just disappears off the Map. The Map is never wrong. Hermione frowns, thinking, then shakes her head, turns away.HARRY Divine.  Had ourselves a little late-night snack, did we? Or twenty. Really?  Honestly, I reckoned she was starting to annoy you. Excuse me? Ron nods.  Harry looks bewildered. Well... Brilliant. Bloody well hope so.  She\u2019s been snogging you for three months. Okay.  Very funny. He turns to his bed, throws back the covers when... the heart-shaped box caroms off his head. What the hell was that for? Okay!  Fine!  You\u2019re in love with her!  Have you ever actually met her! Ron, these chocolates, they\u2019re -- C\u2019mon.  I\u2019m going to introduce you to Romilda Vane. Devastatingly handsome. Harry Sir.  I\u2019m sorry.  I wouldn\u2019t bother you if it weren\u2019t absolutely -- I figured this called for a more practiced hand, sir.HARRY I\u2019m sorry, sir.  About the other day.  Our... misunderstanding. Slughorn eyes Harry briefly, looks away. I mean, I\u2019m sure you\u2019re tiredof it, after all these years.  The questions.  About... Voldemort. Slughorn\u2019s mixing hand falters instantly. Yes, sir.  It\u2019s just, well, Dumbledore once said that fear of a name only increases fear of the thing itself.  It seemed sensible. Love potion. Ron!  Ron!!! Professor, help him! Professor!  Do something!! Slughorn shuffles haplessly through his bag, He\u2019s choking!!HARRY Breathe!  C\u2019mon, Ron, don\u2019t be a prat.  Breathe!  How are you, Katie?  The Room of Requirement... Ginny nods, turns away.  Harry follows. Who showed you this?  First. What? Oh.  Yeah. Just then, Slughorn rounds the far end of the corridor and -- spying Harry -- does a little Oliver Hardy \u201cOops\u201d and retreats. Say that again. Excellent.  Really excellent. Right.  I\u2019m going down to Hagrid\u2019s. No.  I\u2019ve got a good feeling about going to Hagrid\u2019s.  I feel like it\u2019s the place to be tonight, know what I mean? Trust me.  I know what I\u2019m doing. Or at least Felix does. Sorry, sir.  I should\u2019ve announced myself.  Cleared my throat. Coughed.  You probably feared I was Madam Sprout. Just the general behavior, sir. The sneaking around.  The jumping when you saw me.  By the way, those Tentacula leaves -- they\u2019re quite valuable, aren\u2019t they? Personally, these plants have always kind of freaked me out. Harry gives a little Through the front doors, sir.  I\u2019m off to Hagrid\u2019s, you see.  He\u2019s a very dear friend and I felt like paying him a visit.  So if you don\u2019t mind, I\u2019ll be going.HARRY Sir? Well, then by all means come along, sir. That would be counterproductive, sir. No idea. Slughorn frowns impatiently -- then stops, blinks. A dead one, I think, sir. Not to mention the pincers. Harry makes a little claw motion with his hand, while making a Through the front doors. Oh yeah. Poof. They all nod soberly.  Slughorn\u2019s eyes rise to the ceiling. Do you know why I survived?  The night I got this. Slughorn looks up, sees Harry pointing to his scar. Because of her.  Because she sacrificed herself.  Because she refused to step aside.  Because her love was more powerful than Voldemort. I\u2019m not afraid of the name, Professor.  And I\u2019m not afraid of him.  And you shouldn\u2019t be either. She didn\u2019t just die for me that night.  She died for you too.  She died for everyone who\u2019s ever woken Professor.  I\u2019m going to tell you something, something others have only guessed at.  It\u2019s true.  I am the Chosen One. Slughorn looks up.  Harry nods. Only I can kill him.  But in order to do so, I need to know what Tom Riddle asked you that night in your office all those years ago. And I need to know what you told him. Be brave, Professor.  Be brave like my mother.  Otherwise you disgrace her.  Otherwise she died for nothing.  Otherwise, the bowl remains empty forever. Slughorn shakes his head, staring into the candle. Sir -- Dumbledore holds up his withered hand, silencing him, turns away.  Harry studies him, waiting, the hush palpable. Do you mean to say he succeeded, sir?  In making a Horcrux? Seven.  He made seven -- the most powerfully magical number.  But... what are they exactly?HARRY Tom Riddle\u2019s diary -- And the ring...? But if you could find them all.  * If you did destroy each Horcrux... * But how would you find them?  They * could be hidden anywhere, couldn\u2019t they... It\u2019s where you\u2019ve been going, isn\u2019t it, sir?  When you leave the school. Harry\u2019s eyes drift once again to the postcard on the desk.  Dumbledore withdraws his hand, nodding, still studying Harry oddly, his voice, when it comes, distant. Hermione, is the Room of Requirement unplottable? It would explain why I thought Malfoy was leaving the castle when he disappeared off the Map. He was going to the Room of Requirement. But I\u2019m telling you.  I sawit -- Just then, the twins appear, pass.  Harry watches them, a thought forming. What if there are two?  Vanishing cabinets. I don\u2019t know... Harry watches the twins vanish around a corner. I don\u2019t need luck.  I\u2019ll be with Dumbledore. You look the same to me, sir. Yes, sir. My word. Sir, I thought one couldn\u2019t Apparate within Hogwarts. Sir! The rock face You should\u2019ve let me, sir. We couldn\u2019t, perhaps, just try a Summoning Charm, sir? Dumbledore smiles, Accio Horcrux! There is an Sir... have you ever taken Felix Felicis? Professor... there are bodies in this lake. Do you think the Horcrux is in there, sir? Why can\u2019t I drink it, sir? Professor? Dumbledore shakes his head, silencing Harry, then dips the goblet once more.  Twice more he drinks.  His hand Professor?  Can you hear me? Dumbledore says nothing.  The corners of his eyes You... you can\u2019t stop, Professor. You\u2019ve got to keep drinking.  Like you said.  Remember. It will, sir.  It\u2019ll stop.  But only if you drink... Harry, his own hand What? No... One more.  Just one more.  And then -- I promise... I\u2019ll do what you say. Dumbledore, jaw clinched shut, eyes Harry. I promise.HARRY Aguamenti. Instantly You did it, sir.  Look -- Harry frowns.  The goblet is empty. I\u2019m trying, sir.  I\u2019m -- Harry stops.  All is silent... except for the Don\u2019t worry, sir.  We\u2019re nearly there. We need to get you up to the hospital, sir, to Madam Pomfrey -- All right.  Okay. Harry gently disengages from Dumbledore, leaves him leaning against the ramparts.  He dashes to the stairwell door and, glancing back, sees Dumbledore Sir, are you... praying? Cruciatus! Snape raises his wand, parries the curse with ease. Incacerata! Once again, Snape deflects the spell. Impedimenta! Another lazy flick of the arm, another curse defeated. Harry drops his arm in frustration. Fight!  Fight back, you coward! With staggering quickness, Snape\u2019s wand whips forth and Harry is off his heels and crashing to the earth. Sectumsempra! Bang!  Snape wheels and once more sends Harry flying onto his back.  Harry stares at the stars as they wheel over him, when Snape comes Hagrid... Hagrid!  You alright? Hagrid, Dumbledore -- No.  He was lowering his wand.  In the end, it was Snape.  It was always Snape.  And I did nothing... Hermione studies Harry, takes the locket from the * rampart. Yeah, strange.  Only... it\u2019s not.  * It\u2019s a fake. * As Hermione reacts, Harry nods. * * Dunno.  But whoever they are, they have the real Horcrux.  Which means, it was a waste.  All of it. Hermione studies Harry\u2019s troubled face, then glances at * Ginnyand Ron. * I\u2019m not coming back, Hermione . * Hermione nods. * I have to finish what Dumbledore * started.I\u2019m not sure where that * will lead me... but I\u2019ll let you * and Ron konwwhere I am -- when I * can.  I don\u2019t know. * Hermione nods and Harry\u2019s eyes shift, consider Ron and * Ginny.  As if sensing his gaze, Ron turns and they * exchange a look, something unspoken but true passing * between them. * Just then a", "WAITRESS": "Funny that paper of yours.  Couple nights ago, I could swear I saw one of the pictures move. Thought I\u2019d gone round the twist. She makes a face, smiles.  A smile to die for.  Starts to go. Eleven.  That\u2019s when I get off. (the smile) You can tell me all about that tosser Harry Potter. Harry watches her go, then quickly reaches into his coat and fumbles out a S\u2019Mints container.  Just then...HARRY", "DUMBLEDORE": "I once knew a Muggle girl from Liverpool with hair like spun silk.  No light could resist it... (turning) You\u2019ve been reckless this summer, Harry. Rather unpleasant to behold, isn\u2019t it?  The tale is thrilling if I do say so myself, but I\u2019m afraid now is not the time to tell it.  Take my arm. (extending it) Indeed.  And quite successfully I might add.  Most people vomit their first time. Welcome to the charming village of Budleigh Babberton, Harry.  I assume right about now you\u2019re wondering why I\u2019ve brought you here, am I right? Wand out, Harry. Lumos... The tip of Dumbledore\u2019s Horace! Nothing.  Dumbledore points his wand down a I must say, you make a very convincing armchair, Horace. (nodding to the ceiling) Dragon\u2019s blood. Ah yes.  Introductions.  Harry, this is an old friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn.  Horace, this is, well, you know who this is. (a droll whisper) So why all the theatrics, Horace? You weren\u2019t perhaps expecting someone else, were you? Take matters into their own hands? Slughorn eyes Dumbledore miserably, gestures. Well, I think it should be put back in order for them, don\u2019t you? Mind?HARRY That was fun.  M ayI use the loo? As Dumbledore heads down the hall, Slughorn calls after. Mind if I take this?  I do love knitting patterns. Slughorn blinks, looks away from Harry and finds Dumbledore standing there, clutching a I think I know a lost cause when I see one.  Regrettable.  I would have considered it a personal triumph had you consented to return to Hogwarts, Horace.  You are, like my friend Mr. Potter -- Indeed they are. You are talented, famous and powerful -- everything Horace values.  Professor Slughorn is going to try to collectyou, Harry.  You would be his crowning jewel.  Thatis why he is I fear I may have stolen a wondrous night from you, Harry. She was, truthfully, very pretty. The girl. You\u2019ll not be going back to Little Whinging tonight, Harry. Both are waiting for you. Dumbledore extends his arm.  Mystified, Harry reaches out.  As his fingers touch the silk of Dumbledore\u2019s cloak, he... The very best of evenings to you! First off, please join me in welcoming the newest member of our staff, Horace Slughorn. Professor Slughorn, I\u2019m happy to say, has agreed to resume his old post of Potions master.  Meanwhile the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts will be assumed by Professor Snape. Now, as you know, each and every one of you was searched upon your arrival tonight.  You have a right to know why.HARRY Today, of course, the world knows him by another name.  Which is why, as I stand looking out upon you all tonight, I am reminded of a sobering fact.  Each day, every hour, this very minute perhaps, Just something to keep in mind. Now, off to bed.  Pip pip! Good evening, Harry.  You got my message, I see.  Come, come.  Sit. Harry steps forward, eyes the Pensieve curiously.  Sits. So.  How are you? Enjoying your classes?  Professor Slughorn, for one, is most impressed with you. Do you? And what of your activities outside the classroom?  Do they bring you satisfaction? I notice you spend a great deal of time with Miss Granger.  One can\u2019t help but wonder if -- Forgive me, Harry, ... I was merely curious. (rising) In any event, I\u2019m sure you\u2019re wondering why I\u2019ve summoned you here tonight.  The answer lies here. What you see before you are memories.  In this case pertaining to one This vial contains a most particular memory -- of the day I first met him.  I\u2019d like you to see it.  If you would... Dumbledore extends his ashen hand and Harry rises, gingerly takes the vial and removes the cork.  He tips I am not family.  But his name has been known to me since birth. Perhaps you could give me an example. Mrs. Cole starts to speak, then shakes her head, moves off.  As Dumbledore makes to follow, his eyes happen upon a How do you do, Tom. Riddle eyes Dumbledore briefly, looks away. As you wish. Riddle looks away and Dumbledore, for the first time, notices his hands.  They are splayed, utterly still, and No.  I am a Professor. Perhaps they\u2019re right.HARRY Hogwarts is not a place for mad people. Riddle looks up, cocks his head ever-so-slightly. It\u2019s a school.  A school of... magic. Riddle stays looking, but says nothing. You can do things, can\u2019t you, Tom? Things the other children can\u2019t. Riddle eyes Dumbledore intensely, unblinking. Tell me some of the things you can do, Tom. I\u2019m like you, Tom.  Different. Riddle closes his hands and the web collapses. I think there is something trying to get out of your wardrobe, Tom. Open it.  Open.  It. Terrified, Riddle steps to the burning wardrobe and throws open the door.  On the topmost shelf, above a rail of threadbare clothes, a Take it out. As Riddle\u2019s fingers touch the box, the flames engulfing the wardrobe vanish, but the box continues to Is there anything in that box you ought not to have? Riddle eyes Dumbledore, a trifle fearfully this time.  He spills the box onto the Why did you want these things, Tom? Thievery is not tolerated at Hogwarts.  At Hogwarts, you will be taught not only how to use magic, but to control it. Understood? (as Riddle nods) It is unusual.  But not unheard of. Dumbledore exits then, without a backward glance, leaving 11-year-old Tom Riddle alone.  The Did I know that I had just met the most dangerous Dark Wizard of all time?  No.  Had Over time, while here at Hogwarts, Tom Riddle grew close to one particular teacher.  Can you guess which teacher that might be? No.  I did not.  You see, Professor Slughorn possesses something I desire very dearly. And he will not part with it easily... (eyeing Harry I did. Yes. Confused?  I would be surprised if you weren\u2019t. This is perhaps the most important memory I\u2019ve collected.  It\u2019s also a lie. (off Harry\u2019s look) This memory has been tampered with.  In this case by the person I suspect he is ashamed of it. Why indeed. Dumbledore trails his withered fingers in the Pensieve. I asked you to get to know Professor Slughorn and you\u2019ve done so.  You\u2019re the Chosen One, Harry.  And Horace is, at heart, a decent man. Provide the proper circumstances and he will confess his sins. Dumbledore lifts his fingers from the Pensieve, studies them.  They are, in this moment, iridescent, whole. This memory is everything , Harry. Without it, we are blind .Without it, we leave the fate of our world to chance.  You have no choice. You must not fail. As Harry watches, the damp sheen enveloping Dumbledore\u2019s Quick thinking on your part, Harry.  Using a Bezoar.  You must be very proud of your student, eh, Horace? Why indeed. Dumbledore takes the half-empty bottle of mead, still bearing a bit of This appears to be a gift, Horace. You don\u2019t by chance remember who gave you this bottle, do you -- which by the way possesses remarkably subtle hints of licorice and cherry when not To whom might I ask? Ah, to be young and feel love\u2019s keen sting.  Come, everyone, I think Mr. Weasley is well tended. As Dumbledore leads the others past Harry, Harrystudies him.  Ginny passes, face very close, How is he?  Horace? Harry shrugs.  Dumbledore nods, then tips his hand.  A (haunted) This is beyond anything I imagined.  In my life I have seen things that are unimaginably horrific.  I know now... you will see worse. Oh he succeeded.  And not just once.  Think, Harry.  He\u2019s just told us. They can be anything.  The most commonplace of objects.  A ring, for example.  Or a book... Dumbledore slides open a drawer, removes the It\u2019s a Horcrux, yes.  Four years ago, when you saved Ginny Weasley\u2019s life in the Chamber of Secrets, when you brought me this -- (holding up the Belonged to Voldemort\u2019s mother. It was difficult to find and... (raising his damaged hand) ... even more difficult to destroy. One destroys Voldemort. Harry begins to reach out for the ring... True.  But magic, especially Dark magic...HARRY ... leaves traces. Harry\u2019s clenched hand Yes.  And I think... perhaps... I may have found another.  But this time I cannot hope to destroy it alone. Harry peers into Dumbledore\u2019s eyes.  Dumbledore nods. Once again, I shall ask too much of you. Whether it has or hasn\u2019t is irrelevant.  I will not negotiate this with you, Severus.  You agreed.  There\u2019s nothing more to discuss. Harry stands poised, peering upward, where Dumbledore Harry.  You need a shave, my friend. Harry runs his hand over his face. At times I forget how much you\u2019ve grown.  At times I still see the small boy from the cupboard. (smiling) Forgive my mawkishness, Harry.  I am an old man. Like your mother, you are unfailingly kind.  The place to which we journey tonight is exceedingly dangerous, Harry.  I promised that you could accompany me and I stand by that promise.  But there is a Understand what I\u2019m saying. Should I tell you to hide, you must hide. Harry nods. * Should I tell you t o run, you will * run. Harry nods. * And should I tell you t o abandon * me and save yourself... Harry\u2019s eyes rise, meet Dumbledore\u2019s. * Your word, Harry. Harry debates this internally, then, finally, nods. * Take my arm.HARRY Being me has its privileges. The This is the place.  Oh yes, this place has known magic. (closing his eyes) Where you stand, Harry, Tom Riddle once stood many, many years ago, when he was but a poor orphan boy One wintry afternoon, he lured two younger classmates to this cave. What happened is unclear.  But this much is In order to gain passage, payment must be made, payment intended to weaken any intruder. Careful.  The water. Harry peers into the lake.  It is black as ink. It\u2019s there.  The only question is how do we get to it? Perhaps not. If you would, Harry... Quickly Harry grasps the end of the chain and together he and Dumbledore pull, end over end, until the Only recreationally.  You see, I believe one creates one\u2019s own luck. Harry looks down into the water, watches a Yes. Remember... the water. Harry nods, steps out carefully and joins Dumbledore at the source of the Oh yes. Dumbledore steps back, ponders the basin.  Notes the It has to be drunk. (as Harry reacts) You remember the condition on which I brought you with me?HARRY This potion might paralyze me.  It might cause me to forget why I\u2019m here.  It might create so much pain I beg for relief.  You are not to indulge these requests, Harry.  It is your job to make Because I am much older, much cleverer... and much less valuable. (taking the goblet) Your good health, Harry. Dumbledore dips the goblet into the gleaming liquid and Don\u2019t... don\u2019t make me... Harry eyes Dumbledore\u2019s anguished face, steels himself. Nooooooo!!!HARRY Make it stop... Please... make it stop... My fault.  It\u2019s all my fault... Harry brings the goblet up once more.  Dumbledore drinks. Too much... I can\u2019t... take it... I want... to die... kill... kill me... Your word, Harry!  Your word!  Water. A shudder of relief goes through Harry.  Grinning, he leaps to the basin.  A Water... Water! Harry dips the goblet into the basin yet again, brings it to Dumbledore\u2019s lips... but once again finds it empty. Dumbledore tries to speak, but his lips are Go... Harry turns, confused.  Dumbledore\u2019s hand finds his face. We have to... go. Harry glances to the boat.  Flames lick the prow, darkening the wood, but do not destroy it.  He nods.HARRY I am not worried, Harry.  I am with you. A No.  Severus... Severus is who I need... Go and wake him... Tell him what has happened... (smiling faintly) No, Harry.  I do not pray.  I was merely closing a window -- the one that had allowed us to Apparate. Harry nods, begins to open the door, when Hide yourself below.  And do not speak or show yourself without my permission.  No matter what. Harry looks down, through the Do as I say, Harry. Harry hesitates.  Dumbledore\u2019s eyes blaze... Trust me. Harry meets Dumbledore\u2019s eyes, then pockets his wand and slips down the stairs.  As he reaches the level below, the Good evening, Draco.  What brings you out on such a fine Spring evening?  Or is it Summer? Draco stands poised, wand in hand, eyes darting about.HARRY I often talk aloud to myself.  I find it extraordinarily useful. That which sounds sane at a whisper can seem utterly mad when said for all the world to hear. Haven\u2019t been whispering to You are not an assassin, Draco. Like cursing Katie Bell and hoping she would, in turn, bear a cursed necklace to me?  Like replacing a bottle of mead with one laced with poison.  Forgive me, Draco, but these are attempts so feeble I Then I shall make it easy for you. Slowly and without intent, Dumbledore draws his wand.   * Instantly Malfoy raises his own . * Well done, Draco.  But I warn you.  * Killing is not nearly as easy. You\u2019re not alone.  Are you.  There are others.  How? A sneering smile plays over Malfoy\u2019s lips. That cabinet has been broken for years. Ingenious.  Let me guess.  It has a sister.  A twin. A passage, yes.  Very good. (eyes shifting) I once knew a boy years ago who made all the wrong choices.  Let me help you, Draco. Say that again, Draco.  But aloud this time. Draco looks deep into Dumbledore\u2019s eyes.  His hand trembles.  Transfixed, Harry watches from the shadows. Slowly, Malfoy begins to Good evening, Bellatrix.  I think introductions are in order. Severus... Severus... please.HARRY", "ARMCHAIR": "Merlin\u2019s Beard! Instantly, the Armchair mutates into", "SLUGHORN": "(rubbing his rump) There\u2019s no need to disfigure me, Albus! It\u2019s all in the upholstery. (pattinghis stomach) I come by the stuffing naturally. What gave me away? Yes, well, I couldn\u2019t very well use wizard\u2019s blood, could (blinking) S-someone else?  I\u2019m sure I don\u2019t know what you mean. Dumbledore raises an eyebrow.  Slughorn caves. Oh all right!  The Death Eaters have been trying to recruit me for over a year.  Do you know what that\u2019s like?  One can only say no to these people so many times before they... I never stay anywhere more than a week.  The Muggles who own this place are in the Canary Islands. Don\u2019t think I don\u2019t know why you\u2019re here, Albus!  The answer is still no!  Absolutely, unequivocally no! Dumbledore doesn\u2019t respond.  Slughorn glances at Harry. The silence is palpable.  Awkward.  A beat.  You look very like your father. Except for your eyes.  You\u2019ve got -- (smiling softly) Lily.  Lovely Lily.  She was exceedingly bright -- your mother. Even more impressive when one considers she was Muggle-born. Oh, but you mustn\u2019t think I\u2019m prejudiced!  No, no, no!Your mother was one of my absolute favorites!  Look, there she is. Right up front. Slughorn waves to a dresser crowded with All mine, each and every one.  Ex- students, I mean.  You recognize Barnubas Cuffe, of course, editor of the Daily Prophet .  Ah yes.  Regulus Black.  You no doubt know of his older brother Sirius.  Died a few weeks ago.  I taught the whole Black family exceptSirius.  Shame.  Talented boy.  I got Regulus when he came Of course.  But you\u2019re not leaving? All right!  I\u2019ll do it.  But I\u2019ll be wanting Professor Merrythought\u2019s old office, not that water closet I had formerly. And I expect a raise!  These are mad times we live in!  Mad! Harry m\u2019boy!  I was beginning to worry!  And I see we\u2019ve brought someone with us... Nonsense, we\u2019ll sort you out.  Any friend of Harry\u2019s is a friend of mine.  Right then, books out -- Not to worry.  You can get what you need from the cupboard. As Harry and Ron step to the cupboard, Slughorn resumes, gesturing to the cauldrons bubbling before him. Now, as I was saying, I\u2019ve prepared a few concoctions this morning.  Any ideas what these might be?  Yes, Miss...? One of my best friends is Muggle- born.  She\u2019s the best in our year... Harry, settling into his seat with the soiled textbook, looks up just as Slughorn\u2019s eyes shift to him for confirmation.  As Harry nods, Hermione glances curiously Now Amortentia doesn\u2019t create actual love, of course.  That\u2019s impossible.  But it does cause a powerful infatuation or obsession. For that reason, it is probably the most dangerous potion in this Ah yes... Slughorn steps to a What you see before you, ladies and gentlemen, is a curious little potion known as Felix Felicis. But it is more commonly referred to as -- Yes, Miss Granger.  Desperately tricky to make.  Disastrous should you get it wrong.  But brewed correctly, as this has been, it has remarkable powers.  One sip and you will find that all your Because taken in excess it causes giddiness, recklessness and dangerous overconfidence. Twice.  Once when I was twenty- four.  Once when I was fifty- seven.  Two tablespoons taken at breakfast.  Two perfect days... Slughorn eyes the vial dreamily, adrift.  Finally he blinks. So.  This is what I offer each of you today.  One tiny vial of liquid luck... to the student who, in the hour that remains, manages to brew an acceptable Draught of Living Death, the recipe for which You should know that in all the years of my previous tenure at Hogwarts, not once did a student brew a potion of sufficient quality to claim this prize.  In any event -- good luck. Merlin\u2019s Beard!  But it\u2019s perfect. So perfect I daresay one sip would kill us all!  Your mother was a dab hand at potions, but this... My, my, what can\u2019t you do, m\u2019boy? Perhaps you willsave us all in Here you are then, as promised. One bottle of Felix Felicis.  Use it well. Slowly, Harry reaches out... takes the glittering vial. Filius!  I was hoping to find you at the Three Broomsticks. Harry, m\u2019boy! Slughorn\u2019s voice Oh, the Three Broomsticks and I go way back.  Longer than I\u2019d care to admit.  In fact, I remember when it was simply One Broomstick! As Slughorn Oops!  All hands on deck, Granger! Hermione smiles thinly, when a Listen, m\u2019boy.  In the old days, I used to throw together the occasional supper and invite a select student or two.  Would you be game? You\u2019d be welcome too, Granger. Hermione, in the midst of emptying her Butterbeer in one long draw, Brilliant.  Look for my owl. (exiting, to Ron) Good to see you, Wallenby. Ron frowns as Slughorn waddles away, turns to Harry. To Hogwarts\u2019 best and brightest! So tell me, Cormac.  See much of your Uncle Tiberius these days? Well, be sure to give them both my best.  What about youruncle, Belby?  Working on anything new? (tothe others) For those of you who don\u2019t know, Marcus\u2019 uncle invented the And you, Miss Granger?  What isit your family does in the Muggle world? Fascinating.  And is that considered a dangerous profession? Miss Weasley!  Come in, come in. No matter.  You\u2019ll be just in time for dessert.  That is -- if Belby leaves you any. As Ginny moves to her seat, Hermione Thank you, one and all, for a most stimulating evening.  We\u2019ll have to do it again. Slughorn closes the door, turns, sends a Oh.  Potter. Ah, yes.  A most intriguing object.  The sands run in accordance to the quality of the conversation.  When it is stimulating, the sands run slow. When it is not...HARRY Nonsense.  You have nothing to fear, m\u2019boy.  As for some of your classmates, well, let\u2019s just say, they\u2019re unlikely to make the shelf. Slughorn steps to a makeshift bar, begins to construct a Anyone who aspires to be anyone hopes to end up here.  Then * again... you are already someone aren\u2019t you, Harry? Your mother was modest too.  Your father not so much.  As you can see, he did not make the shelf. Slughorn smiles genially, turns back to his drink, using a pair of Mr. Riddle had many teachers while here at Hogwarts. Of course.  It\u2019s only natural that you should want to know more.  I\u2019m afraid I must disappoint you, Harry.  When I first met young Mr. Riddle, he was simply a quiet, albeit brilliant, boy committed to Thank you, Adrian! (quietly to Harry) One of mine.  Class of \u201878.  I had hoped for more out of him, but at least the pictures are in focus. (suddenly) Now, Tom, I couldn\u2019t tell you if I knew, could Good gracious, look at the time. Off you go, boys, or Professor Dippett will have us all in detention.  Lestrange , Avery, don\u2019t forget your essays... As the others file out, Slughorn busies himself with some Look sharp, Tom.  You don\u2019t want to be caught out of bed after hours... Yes, I imagine you do.  Something on your mind, Tom? Go on. Riddle slips off the I don\u2019t know anything about such things and I wouldn\u2019t tell you if I did!  Now get out of here at once and don\u2019t ever let me catch you mentioning it again! The Now don\u2019t forget to look over the chapter on antidotes.  I\u2019ll be poisoning one of you next time we meet.  I\u2019m joking !  Off you go! Don\u2019t forget your rattails, Miss Alys. Ah! If it isn\u2019t the Prince of Potions himself!  To what do I owe the pleasure? Ask away, my dear boy, ask away!HARRY Yes?  And exactly what was this rare magic. I\u2019m a Potions Professor, Harry. Perhaps your question would best be posed to Professor Snape. There can be no light without the dark.  And so it is with magic. Myself, I have always strived to live within the light.  I suggest you do the same. Slughorn gathers his briefcase, starts to exit. Dumbledore put you up to this. Didn\u2019t he?  Didn\u2019t he!HARRY Yes???!!!! (warily) Oh.  Potter.  It\u2019s you.  I\u2019m afraid I\u2019m busy at the moment -- He starts to close the door.  Harry sticks his foot in. What\u2019s the matter with Wenby? Harry leans forward, Ah.  Very well.  Bring him in. I\u2019d have thought you could whip up a remedy for this in no time, Harry -- an expert potioneer like you. Hm.  Perhaps you\u2019re right. As Slughorn goes back to mixing, Harry eyes him furtively. Yes, well, water under the bridge as they say, correct? I\u2019ll ask you not to use that name. Slughorn\u2019s stare is fierce.  Finally, he turns, goblet in hand, and puts a smile on his face, his voice cheery. With all due respect, Dumbledore sometimes forgets that most of us do not possess powers so great that we can risk offending the most dangerous Dark Lord who ever lived. Alright, m\u2019boy!  Bottoms up!HARRY A tonic for the nerves. Ron drinks.  Beams briefly.  Then his grin sags. And a bloody strong one at that. Pick-me-up\u2019s what you need, m\u2019boy. (eying Harry again) Do us all good, I think.  I\u2019ve got butterbeer, wine -- ah -- and a dazzling oak-matured mead.  I had other intentions for this but There we are, Potter.  To life! I d-don\u2019t understand -- Hm?  Oh.  Yes... very proud. Actually I had intended to give it as a gift myself. You, Headmaster. Just then -- the I\u2019ve always cherished my students. They\u2019re my life... Then he is gone too.  Harry turns back, studies Hermione, hand enfolded over Ron\u2019s.  She looks up, sees his faint smile. Merlin\u2019s beard, Harry! Well, yes, actually -- (paranoid) Why would you think that? Ten galleons a leaf to the right buyer -- not that I\u2019m familiar with such back alley transactions. One hears rumors is all.  My own interests are purely academic, of course. Exactly how did you get out of the castle, Harry? Harry! It\u2019s nearly nightfall.  Surely you realize I can\u2019t allow you to roam the grounds all by yourself. Harry, I must insist you accompany me back to the castle immediately! And what makes you say that? Merlin\u2019s beard... Up ahead, Hagrid sits disconsolately upon a stump. Nearby, Aragog\u2019s massive body lies legs up. Is that an actual Acromantula? My god, dear man.  How did you ever manage to kill it? I\u2019m sorry, Hagrid.  I wouldn\u2019t want to be indelicate, but Acromantula venom is uncommonly rare and, well, if you wouldn\u2019t mind my extracting a vialor two-- purely for academic pursuits... My thoughts exactly!  Always carry a few spare ampoules for just such occasions.  Old Potion Master\u2019s habit, you know...HARRY Why don\u2019t I say a few words?  I trust he had family? (clearing his throat) Farewell... Slughorn frowns. (a nod) Farewell, Aragog, king of arachnids.  Though your body will decay, your spirit lingers on in the quiet, web-spun places of your Forest home.  May your many-eyed Sweet.  I once had a fish. Francis.  Lovely little thing. One day I came downstairs and he\u2019d vanished.  Poof. Isn\u2019t it?  That\u2019s life, I suppose. One goes along and then... poof. That\u2019s never unicorn hair, Hagrid? Hagrid looks up, reels a bit.  Nods. But my dear chap, do you know how much that\u2019s worth?HARRY It was a student who gave me Francis.  One spring afternoon I discovered a bowl upon my desk with a few inches of clear water. There was a flower petal floating upon the surface.  As I watched, Your mother.  The day I came downstairs, the day I found the bowl empty... was the day she... Slughorn falters, pain etching his face. I know what you want.  But I can\u2019t give it to you.  It will ruin me... Harry studies Slughorn a moment, thinking, then speaks. Please don\u2019t say his Don\u2019t think too badly of me once you\u2019ve seen it.  You don\u2019t know what he was like... even then. Slughorn fishes out a tiny vial -- the one with the Now, Tom, I couldn\u2019t tell you if I knew, could (an uneasy chuckle) Good gracious, is it that time already?  Off you go, boys, or Professor Dippett will have us all in detention.  Lestrange, Avery, don\u2019t forget your essays... Look sharp, Tom.  You don\u2019t want to be caught out of bed after hours... Yes, I imagine you do.  Something on your mind, Tom? Go on. Excuse me? I\u2019m not sure what you were reading, Tom, but that\u2019s very Dark stuff, very Dark indeed. A Horcrux is an object in which a person has concealed part of their soul. One splits one\u2019s soul and hides part of it in an object.  By doing so, you are protected should you be attacked and your body destroyed. That part of your soul that was hidden, lives on.  In other words, you cannot die. Riddle nods and I think you can guess the answer to that, Tom. Yes.  Killing rips the soul apart. It is a violation against nature. After, one is never the same. Seven!  Merlin\u2019s beard, Tom! Isn\u2019t it bad enough to think of killing one person?  To rip the soul into seven pieces...HARRY", "WEASLEY.": "", "GINNY": "Hedwig...?  Mum! Exactly.  How\u2019d you guess?HARRY I\u2019m joking, Mum. Now you\u2019rejoking.  I was only wondering when Harry got here. Harry Dimpleton.  Harry Potter, of course. Well his trunk\u2019s in the kitchen. And his owl. Me, nosy.  Is he up there with you? Harry\u2019s.  Haven\u2019t seen him, have you?  Apparently, he\u2019s wandering about the house. Meaning? None of your business. Please.  What\u2019s a Wrackspurt?HARRY He\u2019s covered in blood again.  Why is it he\u2019s always covered in blood?  Piss off, Cormac.  How \u2018bout I toss you a floater? Who\u2019s the Half-Blood Prince? That\u2019s what it says.  Right here. \u2018This Book is the Property of the Half-Blood Prince.\u2019HARRY Sorry, I\u2019m not ordinarily late -- She falters, eyes red, uncharacteristically flustered.HARRY What\u2019s gotten into him? She glances up at Harry, circling high above and he grins.  Just then, Dean streaks Open up, you. Harry turns, finds Ginny, holding something in her fingers. Don\u2019t trust me? He obliges and she pops a \u2018Course \u2018tis.  Made them myself. She smiles at him, hooks her ginger hair over one ear and Ron plops down between them.  Big brother to the rescue. Everyone gone to bed? I don\u2019t sleep these days.  So I wash my hair.  Silly, right? Harry just stares at her, the air prickling with silence. Ginny eyes him knowingly. Oh my god... Harry turns, his No, Harry!  It\u2019s a trap! Harry falters, looking toward Ginny\u2019s voice and spies Greyback.  Bellatrix stops dead, wheels in her tracks and, seeing Ginny, \u2018Bout time, don\u2019t you think? Harry watches her go, hopelessly smitten, sees that Slughorn has paused in the doorway. You have to get rid of it.  Today. Take my hand. Over the years, if someone had a secret, if they wanted to conceal something, this is where they came.  Some of these things are almost as old as the castle itself. Fred and George.  First year.  I hid Tom Riddle\u2019s diary here for a time.  Wish I\u2019d left it... As Ginny drifts in the memory, Harry studies her, then a See, you never know what you\u2019ll find up here. Harry nods, looks back to the cabinet, mystified. All right.  Close your eyes.  That way you can\u2019t be tempted. Ginny slips the book from his fingers and starts to back away.  She There\u2019s something else.  Another secret of sorts.  One of mine...HARRY That can stay hidden up here too, if you like. Harry opens his eyes, watches Ginny back away, then disappear around the corner.  He stares at the empty air, blinking, then watches the black bird flutter overhead.", "MRS. WEASLEY": "What is it, Ginny?  Is it your father?  Has something happened at the Ministry?  Has he been kidnapped?  Is it the Death Eaters? You\u2019re worse than Fred and George. Harry who? I think I\u2019d know if Harry Potter was in my house, wouldn\u2019t I seriously doubt that. Just then, But why didn\u2019t you tell us you were coming? That man.  But then, what would we do without him?  Ron! Ron is about to touch Hermione.  She retracts her neck. Eat up, eat up, everyone!  There\u2019s more to come! Harry sits in deep conversation with You\u2019re sure you won\u2019t stay? Remus...?", "RON": "Harry?  Did someone say Harry? \u2018Course not.  Think I\u2019d know if my best friend was in my room, wouldn\u2019t You\u2019ve a bit of... He gestures to the stray lace of toothpaste on Hermione\u2019s chin.  Quickly she wipes it off, gives him an odd look. Mum sort of lost it last week. Said Ginny and I had no business going back to Hogwarts.  That it\u2019s too dangerous. Anyway, Dad stepped in, told her she was being barmy.  Took a day or two, but she came round. A hundred and fifty.  Give or take a few years. Silence.  Nods.  Then the three break out laughing.  Grow quiet again.  Harry takes another poke at the Prophet. Draco\u2019s haunted face appears briefly, then is gone. How much for this? A How much for me? But I\u2019m your brother! C\u2019mon.Let\u2019s go. The trio head for the door, passing Fred reckons people need a laugh these days. Is it just me?  Or do Draco and mummy look like two people who don\u2019t want to be followed? What\u2019re they playing at? (a nod; stopping) Hey.  Where\u2019s Hermione? Harry, where is she? Sorry. Just then, the cauldron One of what? You\u2019re barking.  What would You- Know-Who want with a sod like Malfoy? It\u2019s a creepy shop.  He\u2019s a creepy bloke. Don\u2019 you worry.  He\u2019ll be \u2018long soon \u2018nuff -- Oi!  Turn around, you lunatic. Hermione spins, sees Harry and Luna approaching.  In the light of the hall, Harry\u2019s blood-spattered face is quite the sight. Looks like his own this time. (shrugging; still eating) Sorting Hat urged us all to be brave and strong in these troubled times -- easy for it to say -- it\u2019s a hat, isn\u2019t it?  First Years (as they rise) That was cheerful. Ron Weasley, sir.  But I\u2019m dead awful at Potions, a menace actually, so I probably should just be going -- Hard feelings?HARRY Really?  Strapping guy like you, you\u2019ve got a Beater\u2019s build, don\u2019t you think?  Keeper needs to be agile, quick -- Cormac nabs the Have to admit, thought I was going to miss that last one.  Hope Cormac\u2019s not taking it too hard. Behind her paper, Hermione rolls her eyes. Has a bit of a thing for you, Hermione.  Cormac. Not bloody likely.  He\u2019s top of the class.  Even better than you, Hermione.  Slughorn thinks he\u2019s a genius. Hermione casts Ron a withering glance. What? (a sarcastic chortle) Yeah.  Right. (as Harry glares) Well, it\u2019s true.  I like a nice chat before I go to bed.  Now you\u2019re always readingthat bloody Spider?  About six feet tall?  Ten feet wide? Barking.  Does he not remember that raving arachnid tried to eat us?What? Ron sees Hermione staring at the Aurorsagain. O-kay. A Aw, bloody hell... Harry turns, sees Ron glowering at Ginny, who sits in a dark corner with Dean, their faces lit by a guttering candle. I\u2019d like to leave. That happens to be my sister. What\u2019re you playing at? Get to know him? Um... You\u2019ve got a little... Without a thought, she flicks her tongue up, wipes it clean.HARRY Bit worried about her.  Did you hear that rubbish she was talking back in the pub?  Her and me snogging.  Ha.  As if... Harry, she\u2019s swallowing her tongue -- Believe me, Professor, I\u2019ve been asking myself the same question for six years. Just then, Snape appears at the door, eyes the trio. What do you suppose Dean sees in her?  Ginny. Dean?  He\u2019s brilliant. Yeah, well, he was running his hands all over my sister, wasn\u2019t he?  Something snaps.  You\u2019ve got to hate him.  You know, on principle. So what is it?  He sees in her? Attractive? Skin?  You\u2019re saying Dean\u2019s dating my sister because of her skin?HARRY Hermione\u2019s got nice skin. Wouldn\u2019t you say?  As skin goes, I mean. Right. Harry sets the Map aside.  We So.  How was it? Hermione continues to read the Prophet, unaware of Ron\u2019s mood. (with mock refinement) Your dinnerparty. I expect you\u2019ll be going with McLaggen.  Isn\u2019t he a member of the Slug Club? Really? I\u2019m resigning.  After today\u2019s match.  McLaggen can have my spot. Hearing this, Hermione turns back.  Harry catches her eye, extends a Sure... As Harry pours, Luna arrives at the table wearing a C\u2019mon, Harry.  We\u2019ve got a game to win. What\u2019s with the birds? Before Harry can reply, Hermione rises, points her wand. Look, I can\u2019t help it if she\u2019s got her knickers in a twist.  What Lav and I have -- well, let\u2019s just say there was no stopping it.  It\u2019s chemical.  Will it last?  Who knows?  Point is, I\u2019m a free Unbreakable Vow.  You\u2019re sure that\u2019s what Snape said. It\u2019s just, well, you can\u2019t break an Unbreakable Vow.HARRY No, you don\u2019t understand -- Oh, bloody hell... Lavender stands outside the compartment door.  Fogging the glass with her breath, she All she wants to do is snog me. My lips are getting chapped. Look. You die. It\u2019s beautiful, isn\u2019t it?  The moon. It was on your bed.  The box. Thought I\u2019d try one... I can\u2019t stop thinking about her, Harry. She could never annoy me.  I think... I think I love her. Do you think she knows I exist? Snogging?  Who\u2019reyou talking about? Romilda, of course.  Romilda Vane. Harry stares at Ron... then grins. It\u2019s no joke!  I\u2019m in love with her! No.  Can you introduce me? Harry stops rubbing his head, eyes Ron oddly, then glances at the candy box at his feet.  There is an envelope.  Taking it, he slides out a How do I look? Where\u2019s Romilda? Slughorn squints over Harry\u2019s shoulder at Ron who is doing precisely the same from the other side. Hello, darling.  Fancy a drink? Slughorn and Harry turn, watch Ron What\u2019s this?HARRY What happened to me? I feel really... bad. These girls are gonna kill me, Harry. Harry grins.  Then Ron\u2019s eyes flutter.  Out.  But breathing. Er... My... Nee... Er!  My!  Nee! Ron, in a haze, reaches out blindly.  Blushing, Hermione takes his hand.  Instantly, he falls unconscious again. Lavender, vibrating with rage, stalks out.  Dumbledore beams. Huh? Ron looks up, sees that it is Tell me again how I broke up with Lavender? Harry pauses on his soup, exchanges a glance with Hermione, who carefully withdraws her hand from Ron\u2019s. Don\u2019t get me wrong.  I\u2019m bloody thrilled to be shot of her.  It\u2019s just she seems... a bit put out. As one, the three glance over at Lavender and are rewarded with a lethal squint. Well... there is... something. (as Hermione hangs) But no.  It can\u2019t be.  Besides, I was completely boggled, wasn\u2019t You know.  Hide the book. Still no luck with Slughorn, I take it? Harry shakes his head -- then stops cold, stares at the empty space where Slughorn stood moments before. No.  I got an owl from Dadthis * morning.  The one at Borgin & Burke\u2019s?  It\u2019s still there. Good luck, mate. Harry turns back to Ron and Hermione, neither able to fully conceal heir concern.  He smiles reassuringly, continues on.HARRY", "HERMIONE": "Was that an owl I heard?HARRY Really? A few days ago.  Though... for a bit, I wasn\u2019t sure I wascoming. Harry looks up, sees her glance at Ron. She\u2019s not alone.  Even my parents -- and they\u2019re Muggles -- know something bad is happening. There\u2019s been a lot of chatter lately.  That he\u2019s gotten... old. These are adorable. Inside a cage, small round How is it Fred and George are doing it?  Half the alley\u2019s closed down. Oh no.  Look. Harry and Ron follow her gaze to the wreck that is Ollivander\u2019s Wand Shop. But everyone got their wands from Ollivander.  Young.  Old... Bloody hell. I don\u2019t know. Harry stares at the Stop, Harry, I know where you\u2019re going with this -- Harry is under the impression that Draco Malfoy is now a Death Eater. I told you.  I don\u2019t know what I saw.HARRY Where\u2019s Harry? (whacking him) Will.  You.  Stop.  Eating!  Your best friend is missing! (as he arrives) Where\u2019ve you been, Harry?  And what happened to your face? What\u2019s happened to his hand? Granger, sir.  That one there is Veritaserum.  And that would be Polyjuice Potion.  And that... In the cupboard, Harry and Ron find two ... is Amortentia! The most powerful love potion in the world.  Liquid luck. A buzz runs through the class.  Even Malfoy perks up.HARRY How did you do that? No.  The instructions specifically say to cut. Sh! Harry shrugs, lifts the parchment and tips the juice into his cauldron.  It He\u2019s vile. Ron considers this, then glances across the room at Lavender. No I have not. And if you had a shred of self-respect you would turn that book in. I\u2019d like to know just whose book that was.  Let\u2019s take a look, shall we? (suspicious) Why not? The binding is fragile? She makes another grab for it, but Harry holds it clear. Then Ginny appears, plucks it out of his hand. For weeks you carry around this book, practically sleepwith it... and you have no desire to find out who The Half-Blood Prince is? Well, I wascurious.  So I went to -- And... nothing.  There\u2019s no reference to the Half-Blood Prince anywhere. What\u2019ve you got there, Hagrid? Hagrid tips open the bag.  The trio grimace.  Hagrid Stinksap?  You\u2019re not sick, are you? The Aurors.I know they\u2019re here to protect us, but... somehow I don\u2019t feel any safer. Just then Harry spies Slughorn, heading down towards the Village, passing a weary Flitwick coming the other way.HARRY Three Butterbeers.  Splash of ginger in mine, please. The kid Oh, honestly, Ronald.  They\u2019re just holding hands...HARRY Leave?  You can\u2019t be serious. So?  What if she looked over here and saw you snogging me?  Would you expect her to get up and leave? Ron blinks, utterly speechless.  Be delighted, sir. What\u2019s up? At that very instant, Katie Bell I\u2019ll get someone -- My parents are dentists.  They tend to people\u2019s teeth. No.  Though, a boy named Robbie Fenwick did bite my father once. Needed ten stitches. As Slughorn nods, the door Look at her eyes.  They\u2019ve been fighting again.  Her and Dean. Harry nods, then stands as Ginny reaches the table -- the only one.  Hermione notices, eyes him with amusement as he sits. Nothing. As Hermione smiles, she lightly strokes the crystal hourglass with a finger and we -- How was what? Dead boring.  Though I think Harry enjoyed dessert.HARRY Ol\u2019 Sluggy\u2019s having a Christmas do, you know.  And we\u2019re meant to bring someone... Actually, I was going to ask you. Really.  But seeing as you have such a distaste for the idea -- Don\u2019t drink that, Ron! But Ron\u2019s frozen in mid-sip, looking at Harry\u2019s palm too. Quickly, he gulps down the rest. You could be expelled for that. Ron seems to be enjoying himself. You shouldn\u2019t have done it, Harry. (caught) That was different.  It was tryouts.  This was an actual match -- She stops.  Harry dangles the vial.  The You didn\u2019t put it in? (as he shakes his head) Ron only thought you did? He nods.  She Charms spell.  Just practicing. (studying her wand) How does it feel, Harry?  When you see Dean with Ginny? (off his look) I know, Harry.  You\u2019re my best friend.  I see how you look at Oppugno! Instantly the birds race like angry red bullets toward Ron, who flees, He\u2019s at perfect liberty to kiss whomever he likes.  I really couldn\u2019t care less.  Was I under the impression that he and I would be attending Slughorn\u2019s Christmas party together?  Yes.  Of course, Yes.  Why? (stopping) Why didn\u2019t I think of that? (evasively) Um... it\u2019s a surprise.  Besides, it\u2019s you we need to worry about. And you can\u2019t pick just anyone. See that girl over there.  That\u2019s Romilda Vane.  Rumor has it she\u2019s (snapping fingers) Hey!She\u2019s only interested in you because she thinks you\u2019re the Chosen One.  You know that, right? Hm?  Oh, I\u2019ve just escaped -- I mean, leftCormac.  Under the mistletoe. I thought it would annoy Ron most. But he\u2019s a menace.  He\u2019s got more tentacles than a Snarfalump plant. No thank you. (grabbing the tray) On second thought -- maybe it\u2019ll keep Cormac at bay.  Oh no, here he comes!HARRY You have to realize who you are, Harry. So tell me what Arthur said. What would Draco want with a Vanishing Cabinet? He looks different, don\u2019t you think?  Draco.  Almost... ill. Excuse me, I have to go vomit. As Hermione exits, Harry spies Ginny, in an alcove, sitting by as Dean laughs with Did you actually expect you could just walk up to Ol\u2019 Sluggyand ask him to reveal his deepest, darkest secret?  Honestly, Harry, sometimes I think the Daily Prophetshould call you the Dim (rising to go) You\u2019re going to have to persuade him somehow.  And now, I\u2019m afraid, you\u2019ve made it a lot harder. That\u2019s... not possible.  No one can leave the castle these days. The Map is wrong. I might ask you the same. I happen to be his... friend. He\u2019s been poisoned , you daft dimbo!And for the record, I\u2019ve alwaysfound him interesting. Hermione frowns, a bit embarrassed.  Ron Oh shut up. Ron.  Stop.  You\u2019re making it snow. Um, well, she came to visit you in the hospital, you see, and you talked -- I don\u2019t believe it was a long conversation -- Does, doesn\u2019t she?  And you say you don\u2019t remember a thing from that night?  Not one thing? Right.  Boggled... Hermione slumps back, frowning.  Harry smiles with amusement.  Just then, a That\u2019s Katie.  That\u2019s Katie Bell. Katie Bell, pale but smiling, greets the other girls. After a moment, she looks up.  Finds Harry standing before her. Well?  How do you feel?HARRY Now remember.  Slughorn usually eats early, takes a short walk and then returns to his office. What?  No, Harry -- you\u2019ve got to go see Slughorn.  We have a plan -- If one wants it to be.  Why? Of course, and that explains the Vanishing Cabinet as well! What if there are? You don\u2019t honestly think you can * find all those Horcruxes by * yourself, do you? * (leaningin; a * whisper) * Youneed us, Harry. *", "HARRY (O.S.)": "Really. Ginny spins.  Harry.  Standing in the doorway of the kitchen. What\u2019re you doing? Hermione", "RON/HERMIONE/MRS. WEASLEY": "Harry! As the others rocket downstairs, Ginny gives Harry a great grinning hug.  There is something oddly charged in the moment, a surprise to both of them.  The others arrive.  More hugs.", "FRED/GEORGE": "Step up!  Step up! Into the cauldron, handsome. Together, with the tips of their toes, Fred and George launch a We\u2019ve got eyes in the back of our heads. The boy, working a Five Galleons. Five Galleons. Ten Galleons.", "GEORGE": "We\u2019ve got Fainting Fancy ... And just in time for school ... (toa browsing boy) Pocket that and you\u2019ll pay in more than Galleons, my friend. Bloody urchins. Harry eyes a display of Yes, they do really work.", "FRED": "Nosebleed Nougats ... Puking Pastilles! A What\u2019dyou think, Harry? A real money spinner that. Handy if you need to make a quick escape.  Hello, ladies! George drops one of the lumps in Harry\u2019s hand, turns to Ginny and Hermione, who peruse a display of \u201cWonder Witch Love Potions.\u201d Then again, the way wehear it, sis, you\u2019re doing just fine on your own. Are you not currently dating Dean Thomas?HARRY Aren\u2019t they now.  Pygmy Puffs. Can\u2019t breed them fast enough. Just then a", "SQUEAK.": "", "LAVENDER BROWN": "Hi, Ron. Isn\u2019t he brilliant? Hermione stares balefully at Lavender, then notices Cormac eyeing his broom incredulously.  She gets up, slips away. (passing by) Good luck today, Ron!  I know you\u2019ll be brilliant! Ron smiles feebly, looks back down at his plate. Hermione stares daggers. Oops.  I think this room\u2019s taken. As Lavender pulls Ron out, he cuts his That\u2019s my Won-Won. Where is he?  Where\u2019s my Won-Won! Has he been asking for me? (stopping; glaring daggers) What\u2019s shedoing here? I happen to be his girlfriend. Don\u2019t make me laugh.  You haven\u2019t spoken in weeks.  I suppose you want to make up with him now that he\u2019s suddenly all interesting. Ha!  See? He senses my presence. I\u2019m here, Won-Won. I\u2019m here", "VOICES.": "", "LUNA": "Quibbler...?  Quibbler ...? There\u2019s an article on Wrackspurts this month.  Quibbler ...? The loitering He\u2019s lovely.  They\u2019ve been known to sing on Boxing Day, you know. Quibbler? They\u2019re invisible creatures that float in through your ears and make your brain go fuzzy. (moving off) Quibbler?  Quibbler? Hello, Harry. Wrackspurts. Your head\u2019s full of them. It\u2019s alright.  I enjoyed our walk. It was like being with a friend. That\u2019s nice. Just then Who are those people? Harry turns, sees Luna staring into the darkness, where Would you like me to fix it? Personally I think you look a bit more devil-may-care this way.  But it\u2019s up to you. No.  But I\u2019ve done several toes and how different are they really? This does not fill Harry with confidence. Nevertheless... Episkey. Luna poises her wand over Harry\u2019s nose and... gives it a Exceptionally ordinary. Hello, everyone.  You look dreadful, Ron.HARRY Is that why you just put something in his cup.  Is it a tonic? The tiny vial of Felix Felicis glints in Harry\u2019s palm. I\u2019ve never been to this part of the castle.  At least not while awake.  I sleepwalk, you see. It\u2019s why I wear shoes to bed. As Harry and Luna pass out of sight, we", "MALFOY": "What just happened?  Blaise? Hogwarts.  What a pathetic excuse for a school.  I think I\u2019d pitch myself off the Astronomy Tower if I thought I had to continue on for another two years. Pansy, gently twisting one of Draco\u2019s locks, stops. Let\u2019s just say I don\u2019t think you\u2019ll be seeing me wasting my time in Charms Class next year. Confused, Pansy glances at Blaise, who snorts derisively. Amused, Blaise?  We\u2019ll see just who\u2019s laughing in the end. Blaise shakes his head, smiling as he looks out the window at the darkness.  Just then the small bag in the upper rack shifts.  Malfoy\u2019s eyes play over it. You two go on.  I want to check something. Malfoy slides shut the door.  Didn\u2019t mummy ever tell you it\u2019s bad manners to eavesdrop, Potter? Petrificus Totalus! Malfoy wheels, points his wand at the luggage rack. Something hits the floor with a Oh, right, she was dead before you could wipe the drool off your chin. Malfoy brings his boot down hard on Harry\u2019s face.  Enjoy the ride back to London. Ismy father\u2019s.  He\u2019s not dead. Snape watches Malfoy carefully wrap the stick in felt, lay it back inside his trunk. Nice face, Potter. Harry puts a hand to his nose, watches Malfoy disappear into the darkness, trailed by Snape. Okay, okay, I was gate-crashing. Happy? Certainly... Professor. I don\u2019t need protection.  I was chosen for this!  Out of all others.  Me!  And I won\u2019t fail him. No!  I was chosen.  This is my moment! Malfoy exits.  Then Snape. Cruci-- Don\u2019t touch me!  Don\u2019t you dare touch me! Harry stops dead... transfixed by a Who else is here?  I heard you talking. How do you know what I am?  I\u2019ve done things that would shock you. He trusts me!  I was chosen! Malfoy thrusts out his arm, pulls back his sleeve and reveals the The Vanishing Cabinet in the Room of Requirement. I\u2019ve been mending it. In Borgin & Burkes.  They form -- I don\u2019t want your help!  Don\u2019t you see!  I have to do it!  I have to! (in a whisper) I\u2019ve got to kill you or he\u2019ll kill me.", "BLAISE": "(tense himself) Don\u2019t know. Just then, a Have you ever taken it, sir?", "PANSY": "Relax, boys.  The lights went out is all.  Come, Draco.  We\u2019 ll be  * at Hogwarts before you know it . * She pats the seat.  Draco eyes the bag, slings it back onto the luggage rack and plops down.  Pansy strokes his hair. What\u2019s that supposed to mean?", "FLITWICK": "About time!  I\u2019ve been looking all over for you two.  Names. No exceptions, Potter.HARRY Aurors.For security. Emergency choir practice, I\u2019m afraid, Horace. Harry watches Slughorn continue on toward the Village.HARRY", "MALFOY (O.S.)": "It\u2019s a not a cane, you cretin. It\u2019s a walking stick. Harry and Luna turn.  Draco stands amidst a mountain of Take your hands off me,  you filthy squib! A frown overtakes Slughorn\u2019s face and he turns toward the source of the commotion, exits Harry\u2019s view.  Harry emerges from the hanging, finds Malfoy in Filch\u2019s rough grip. Maybe I did hex that Bell girl. Maybe I didn\u2019t.  What\u2019s it to you? Two", "FILCH": "And what exactly would you be wanting with a walking stick? Professor Slughorn, sir!  I\u2019ve just discovered this boy lurking in an upstairs corridor.  He claims to have been invited to your party.", "O.W.L. --": "", "KATIE BELL": "Sir, you haven\u2019t told us what\u2019s in that one. But then why don\u2019t people drink it all the time? Give me a moment, girls. The girls drift off.  Harry watches them go, curious, I know you\u2019re going to ask, Harry. But I don\u2019t know who cursed me. I\u2019ve tried to remember.  Honestly. But I just... can\u2019t... Katie\u2019s eyes shift.  She goes ashen.  Harry turns, follows her gaze and finds... Malfoy, staring at her.", "tight scrawl:": "\u201cCrush with blade -- releases juice better.\u201d Harry considers the dagger in his hand, then places the flat of the blade against the bean and presses. Instantly, the protective parchment covering the desk runs", "MONTAGE BEGINS": "Students struggle.  A cauldron overflows.  Lavender eyes Ron.", "GOLD.": "", "MONTAGE ENDS.": "", "ANOTHER ANGLE": "Slughorn wends his way amongst the cauldrons, nodding with sympathy at the fiascos before him.  Then... he stops, staring in disbelief at the pearly sheen of one bubbling potion. The survivors press", "MRS. COLE": "I must confess to a bit of confusion upon receiving your letter, Mr. Dumbledore.  In all the years Tom\u2019s been here, he\u2019s never once had a family visitor. Frankly, I was stunned to find I see... But she doesn\u2019t really.  She stops, frowns. I think I should tell you.  He\u2019s a funnyboy -- Tom.  Odd.  There have been incidents with the other children.  Nasty things. You\u2019ve got a visitor, Tom.HARRY Well, I\u2019ll leave you two to yourselves. Mrs. Cole exits, closing the door.  Dumbledore studies Riddle, then begins to tour the room.  Carefully placed upon a low shelf are some", "BRASS KEYS...": "Moving on, Dumbledore passes a", "TOM RIDDLE": "Don\u2019t. Dumbledore stops, turns.  Finds Riddle\u2019s level gaze on him. You\u2019re the doctor, aren\u2019t you? I don\u2019t believe you.  I hear Mrs. Cole talking, her and the rest of the staff.  They want me looked at.  They think I\u2019m different. I\u2019m not mad. Yes. (watching the spider) I can make things move -- without touching them.  I can make animals do what I want without training them.  I can make bad things happen to people who are mean to Who are you? Prove it. It is not a request.  Without breaking his gaze, Dumbledore\u2019s eyes narrow ever-so-slightly and... the (looking off) I like having things that belonged to other people.  It makes me feel ... closeto them. Dumbledore studies Riddle\u2019s profile, pondering this. I can speak to snakes too. Dumbledore stops and we are They find me.  Whisper things.  Is that normal.  For someone like me? Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring? Slughorn chuckles, wags a sugar-encrusted finger at Riddle. Intuition. Riddle smiles but his expression suggests intuition had nothing to do with it.  Slughorn chuckles uneasily. I know a secret shortcut or two. Yes, sir.  I couldn\u2019t think of anyone else to go to.  The other professors, well, they\u2019re not like you.  They might... misunderstand. I was in the library the other night, in the Restricted section, and I read something rather odd, about a bit of rare magic, and I thought perhaps you could illuminate me... Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring? Slughorn chuckles, wags a sugar-encrusted finger at Riddle. Intuition. I know a secret shortcut or two. Yes, sir.  I couldn\u2019t think of anyone else to go to.  The other Professors, well, they\u2019re not like you.  They might... misunderstand. I was in the library the other night, in the Restricted section, and I read something rather odd , about a bit of rare magic and I thought perhaps you could illuminate me.  It\u2019s called, as I Horcrux.  I came across the term while reading and I didn\u2019t fully understand it. Yes, sir.  Which is why I came to you.  I mean no disrespect to the rest of the staff, but I thought if anyone could tell me... it would be you. Slughorn frowns, clearly disturbed, then speaks quietly.HARRY Yes, I thought it might be something like that.  But I don\u2019t understand how that works, sir. Protected? How does one split his soul, sir? Murder. Out of curiosity, sir -- can you only split your soul once?  For instance, isn\u2019t seven the most powerfully magical number -- Of course, sir.  And I promise I\u2019ll not speak of our conversation.  It\u2019ll be our little secret... Riddle reaches out then and pinches the", "CORMAC": "No hard feelings, Weasley, alright? I\u2019ll be going out for Keeper as well.  Nothing personal. I like my chances.  Say... think you could introduce me to your friend Granger?  Wouldn\u2019t mind getting on a first name basis, know what I mean? Cormac gives a lewd wink, saunters off.  Ron glances up Hang on.  She\u2019s his sister.  How do I know she won\u2019t toss him a floater? Here, here! Hermione exchanges a wry glance with Harry, who notices that Yes, sir.  In fact, I\u2019m meant to go hunting with him and the Minister for Magic over holiday. Slippery little minx, your friend. Likes to work her mouth too, doesn\u2019t she?  Yak yak yak.What is this I\u2019m eating, by the way?", "BEGIN MONTAGE": "Ginny flies swiftly, handling the Quaffle with ease.", "END MONTAGE.": "", "HERMIONE/RON": "The who? No.", "HARRY/RON": "The library.", "HAGRID": "Hey, you three!HARRY Stinksap.  Burn the whiskers right off yer chin.  Trees \u2018ere are drippin\u2019 with it. It\u2019s not fer me.  It\u2019s fer Aragog. Yeh remember Aragog, don\u2019 yeh? Tha\u2019s the one.  He\u2019s taken ill. I\u2019m hopin\u2019 ter nurse \u2018im back. Keep yer fingers crossed. Hagrid crosses his fingers.  Ron forces a grin, does the same, shakes his head as Hagrid disappears back into the trees. Now, now.  Now, now... Over and over he repeats this, soothingly, the words like a mantra, until Katie\u2019s lids flutter and her body goes limp. Don\u2019 go touchin\u2019 tha\u2019 but by the wrappin\u2019s.  Unnerstan\u2019? Hagrid nods darkly to the package in the snow.  Harry kneels.  Poking through the paper is an \u2018Arry.  \u2018Orace. Kill \u2018im!Me oldest friend, \u2018e was! Ah, don\u2019 worry yerself.  Yernot alone.  Seriously misunderstood creatures -- spiders.  It\u2019s the eyes, I reckon.  Unnerve people. I reckon that too... How\u2019d yeh get outtathe castle anyways? Don\u2019 suppose it\u2019s doin\u2019 \u2018im any good, izzit? Wish yeh couldaseen \u2018im in \u2018is prime.  Magnificent \u2018e was.  Jus\u2019 magnificent... Hagrid Aragog. Tha\u2019was... tha\u2019 was... beautiful. Hagrid wipes his eyes, then rises.  He walks to Aragog, studies him lovingly, then puts a shoulder to the big beast\u2019s body... and sends him tumbling into the freshly- dug grave adjacent with a I had \u2018im from an egg, yeh know. Tiny little thing he was when he hatched.  No bigger\u2019n a Pekinese. Tha\u2019s odd. Poof. No idea... no idea at all... Thunk!  Hagrid\u2019s great shaggy head hits the table. Instantly, he is Take more\u2019n tha\u2019 ter finish me off.  Not sure about me \u2018ouse, tho\u2019.  But if anybody can put it righ\u2019, Dumbledore can. Only thing I can\u2019t reckon is wha\u2019 Snape was doin\u2019 with tha\u2019 lot. Hagrid turns then, sees the An\u2019 wha\u2019s this wi\u2019the Dark Mar\u2019? Who\u2019s been killed? (stopping) Where\u2019s Dumbledore , \u2018arry? Where\u2019s Dumbledore!! Harry tries to speak, but he is mute.  Hagrid goes still.", "CHUCKLES.": "", "SKINNY KID": "What\u2019ll we have?", "LEANNE (O.S.)": "Katie.  You don\u2019t know what it could be! Up ahead, Katie Bell and Leanne stand in the drifting snow,", "LEANNE": "I warned her!  I warned her not to touch it! Hermione looks.  Lying in the snow is the It\u2019s like I said.  She went to the loo and when she came back she had the package.  She said it was important she deliver it.", "SLUGHORN (V.O.)": "A toast!", "NEVILLE": "Which one do I use for the soup?HARRY Good luck, eh, Ron? Ron nods shortly, then Seamus comes up on his side, I didn\u2019t make the cut for the Slug Club.  It\u2019s okay.  He\u2019s got Belby handing out towels in the loo.HARRY", "MARCUS BELBY": "Dunno.  He and me dad don\u2019t get on.Probably because Dad thinks potions are rubbish.  Says the only potion worth having is a stiff one at the end of the -- (day.) *", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "WHISPERS CONSPIRATORIALLY.": "", "SEAMUS": "Counting on you, Ron.  I\u2019ve two Galleons on Gryffindor. As Seamus peels off, Ron cuts his eyes toward the Slytherin table, where the Quidditch team sits together. One Slytherin juts his chin toward Ron,", "DEAN": "Ginny!  Let\u2019s go! Instantly, she rolls backward, jets off and races down her fellow Chasers.  Flying in spread formation, Dean -- on the far wing -- starts the Quaffle \u201cup the line\u201d until it lands in Ginny\u2019s hand. ", "CROWD": "Weasley!  Weasley!  Weasley! Harry takes his backslaps on the periphery, smiling as he sips a Butterbeer and enjoys Ron\u2019s turn in the spotlight.", "NIGHT": "In the f.g., the", "VOICE (O.S.)": "Drink? Harry turns, finds Neville standing with a tray.", "(ELDREDWORPLE).": "", "ELDREDWORPLE": "Lovegood, did you say?  I once encountered a seriously unbalanced man by that name at a book signing.  Claimed to run a magazine...", "WAITER (O.S.)": "Dragon tartar? They turn, find a", "WAITER": "Just as well.  They give one horribly bad breath.", "WIDER ANGLE": "Harry is revealed in an adjacent alcove.  He\u2019s heard all. A", "VANISHES.": "", "LUPIN": "Voldemort has chosen Draco Malfoy for a mission? Has it occurred to you, Harry, that Snape was simply pretending to offer Draco help so that he could find out what he\u2019s up to? It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledore\u2019s judgement. He trusts Snape.  Therefore, I do. You\u2019re blinded by hatred. (sharply) You are!  People are disappearing, Harry.  Daily.  We can only put our trust in a handful of people. If we start fighting amongst ourselves, we\u2019re doomed. There\u2019s someone out there.  I can smell him.  There\u2019s more than one -- Suddenly -- throughout the reeds --", "TONKS": "Perhaps Harry\u2019s right, Remus.  To make an Unbreakable Vow, after all -- It was delicious, Molly.  Really. No, we should go. (underher breath) The first night of the cycle is always the worst -- Tonks gestures vaguely to the moon.  Arthur glances at Lupin. Sweetheart... Remus! Ron, Fred and George appear, join Arthur as he dashes toward the smoking marsh.  Arthur glances back as Ginny emerges.", "WORKSHOP.": "", "MR. WEASLEY": "You\u2019ll have to forgive Remus.  It takes its toll -- his condition. We\u2019re being followed, all of us. Molly doesn\u2019t leave the house most days.  It\u2019s not been easy. Yes, but I thought it best if I replied in person.  If Dumbledore\u2019s traveling, it\u2019s news to the Ministry.  But perhaps that\u2019s the way Dumbledore wants it.  As for Draco Malfoy -- I know I sent an agent to Borgin & Burkes.  From what you describe, I think what you and Ron saw at the end of the summer -- the object that Draco seemed so interested in -- was a Vanishing Cabinet. They were all the rage when Voldemort first rose to power. You can imagine the appeal. Should the Death Eaters come calling, one needed only slip inside and disappear for an hour Nothing.  It\u2019s still there. Harry nods, pondering this. Harry.  You know, I went through all this before -- the last time around.  Times like these -- dark times -- do funny things to people.  It can bring them together and it can tear them Harry, no! Flames race up the porch steps, climb the walls of the house.  Lupin draws his wand and races after Harry.", "CONTRACT.": "", "NEW ANGLE": "Fred, George, Ron and Arthur fan out, running full-out, their feet kicking up", "NEW ANGLES": "Ginny, copper hair gleaming, races through the reeds. Bellatrix leads Harry on, grinning madly. Ginny comes dashing to a halt, chest heaving as she peers into the smoking marsh.  A", "GREYBACK": "Don\u2019t you smell clean. Just then, a He doesn\u2019t have the stomach.  Like his father.  Let me finish him. In my own way.", "HERMIONE (V.O.)": "You\u2019re lucky you weren\u2019t killed.", "RON (O.S.)": "Lav, c\u2019mon.Of course I\u2019ll wear it. They glance ahead, see Ron and a pouting Lavender.  Ron holds a So.  Did you and Ginny do it? Harry jumps, watches Ron appear.", "STONE.": "", "CRASH.": "", "SLUGHORN (O.S.)": "Damn it all!HARRY", "POTIONS TEXTBOOK.": "", "BLUE.": "", "GINNY/HARRY": "(at the same time) What was that? They turn back, look at each other.  Ginny smiles. ", "HAGRID/SLUGHORN (O.S.)": "(singing) And Odo the hero, they bore him back home...HARRY", "HAGRID/SLUGHORN": "To the place he\u2019d known as a lad, They laid him to rest with his hat inside out and his wand snapped in two, which was sad... As they finish, both men", "DUMBLEDORE *": "You will do so. * Harry hesitates.", "BACK...": "", "MALFOY *": "Expelliarumus! * Harry watches in horror as Dumbledore\u2019s wand flies free, * clattering across the grid above.  Malfoy watches it roll * to a stop, a curious mixture of fear and awe at his own * actions.  Dumbledore eyes the wand, then Draco.", "SNAPE (O.S.)": "No. Harry watches Snape come", "close:": "", "SMOKING.": "", "HERMIONE *": "Do you think he would\u2019ve done it. Draco? Strange.  Thinking this is a piece * of Voldemort\u2019s soul... \u2018To the Dark Lord.  I know I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it was I who discovered your secret.  I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy it as soon as I Ron\u2019sokay with it, you know .  You * andGinny.  But if I were you, * when he\u2019saround, I\u2019d keep the * snogging to a minimum. Hermione smiles faintly, trying to cheer him, but Harry * merely nods, looks away again. * We reckoned -- Ron and me.  * I\u2019ve always admired your courage, * Harry, but sometimes... you\u2019re * really thick. * Like that\u2019s going to happen. * She glances at Ron, shakes her head. * Besides, he\u2019s barking. * Yes, but I\u2019m exceptionally * perceptive. * Do you think we\u2019ll ever... (come * back?) * She stops.  Her eyes glisten briefly.  Then she fights it * back.  Tough.  Harry fights back his own emotion, reaches * over and gives her hand a brief squeeze.  Then releases * her. *", "R.A.B.?": "", "HARRY *": "Yeah.  I do.  But do me a favor.  * When I\u2019m around?  Keep the * snogging to a minimum. * Hermione looks stunned.  Reddens. * Funny, he says the same about you. * You\u2019re brilliant.  You both are. * Harry looks off again and Hermione follows his gaze.  She * looks out over the grounds.  Slowly losing herself.  We * can tell.  She\u2019s taking inventory.  Pressing it into a * scrapbook. *"}, "harry-potter-and-the-sorcerers-stone-2001.pdf": {"\u2022 C": "Dark at this hour, except for\u00b7the", "DUMBLEDORE": "\u00b7 And finally \u2022\u2022\u2022 it takes a great\u00b7 deal\u00b7 of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but even more to stand up to our friends.\u00b7I therefore award 10 points to \u2022\u2022\u2022 Mr. Neville Longbottom. As the room", "PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL": "They were not compatible personalities,\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7 if that's what you mean. And then, of course, your father did something Severus could never forgive.", "\u00b7BAGRID.": "\u00b7 Ev'idng, Professor Dumbledore, .sir. Professor McGonagall.", "\u00b7DUMBLEDORE": "No problems, I take it, Bagrid?", "\u00b7\u00b7BAGRID.": "", "PROFESSOR MCGONAGALL.": "\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7He saved his life. Astonished, Harry glances at Snape sitting at the High Table.", ". DUMBLEDORE": "Exactly. It would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous before he can walk and talk. Famous for something he won't even remember. No. He'll be much better off growing up away from all that. Until he's ready.", "DUMBLEDORE (CONT'D)": "Assuming my calculations are correct, I believe a change of decoration is in order. Dumbledore", "LATER \u2022": "", "'AUNT PETUNIA": "There's the birthday boy! Don't you look smart for your trip to the zoo. (scowling at Barry) \u00b7 You mind the bacon. And don't dare let it burn. I want everything perfect on my Dimplin' s spec\u00b7ial day.", "HARRY": "I'm not going home \u2022\u2022\u2022 Not really.", "BARRY": "Never!\u00b7", "DUDLEY.": "Thirty-six~ But last year \u2022\u2022\u2022 last year I had thi.rty-.5.even \u2022\u2022\u2022", "UNCLE VERNON": "I will not pay fo~ some crackpot old fool to teach him magic tricks! Hagrid spins, \u2022 eyes bulging.", "DUDLEY": ". (terrified) I'm not Harry \u2022 ..", "AUNT PETUNIA": "Of course we knew! How could you not be, my dratted sister being what she was'? Oh, mother and father were so proud when the letter came. A witch.in the family \u2022. Isn't it wonderful. I was the only one who saw her for what she\u00b7", "_ BARRY": "Thirty~eight, popkin. Aunt Petunia cuffs Barry on the head on her-way to the", "RINGING TELEPBONE.": "_ . _ ._", "BARRY\u2022": "Yes,. Aunt Petunia. As Dudley tears open-a", "_UNCLE VERNON": "Well now, son. Remember; we talked about\u00b7 . this~ They're not meant to move \u2022\u2022\u2022 As", "UN.CLE VERNON": "We could phone Yvonne.", "AUNT PETUNIA-": "Now, precious, don't cry. He won't spoil anything. What if Mummy buys you three more presents.", "AUNT\u00b7PETUNIA": "As many as you want, sweetums. As Aunt Petunia cuddles him, Dudley shoots Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother's arms. --", "HARRY (CONT'D)": "If you can, go to the Owlery and send a message to Dumbledore. Ron's right \u2022 \u00b7 I have to go on. H.ermione turns, her eyes\u00b7 glittering. Without warning, she rushes forward~ embraces Harry.", "--:\u2022-:.\u2022~\u00b7 .": ". -.. .,~-- 0 27 28 Shooting Draft White ll/09/00 9. '-\u00b7", "UNCLE VERNON\u00b7": "Proudest moment of my life \u2022. .", ". HARRY": "We must be miles under the school.", "HARRY'S POV": "of Uncle Vernon's thick black shoes pa~ing back and forth.", "OMITTED": "", ":.~:i:}": "", "HAGRID": "I do .\u2022. (a wink) \u2022 But yer cousin don't \u2022 ... ~-* * *", ".. HARRY": "I am. Hagrid turns, watches Harry's face come into the light.", ". UNCLE-VERNON": "I demand that you leave at once, sir! You are breaking and entering!", "HAGRID (CONT'D)": "Go on now. An' Harry? If tha' dolt of a cousin o' yers Dudley gives yeh any grief, yeh can always threaten ter give 'im a pair o' ears ter go with that tail of 'is. !)/ 164 *", "HARRY ..": "Excuse me, but \u2022\u2022\u2022 who are you? Harry stares blankly. Hagrid frowns.", "HAARY": "I'm a what?", "(MORE)": "- - - - - -~-80 * * * * * *", "\u00b7 QUIR:RELL": "Harry p ... p.;.potter. c-can'tteil you how p\u00ad pleased I arri to meet you. . .", "QUIRRELL": "Come here, ?o~ter. * .. * * * \u00b7\u2022\u00b7. * * \u2022", "PLUMP WOMAN": "Seventeen Sickles an ounce for Dragon Liver, can you imagine? They're mad!", "BOY MOTHER": "It says brass, Trevor. As such, you will get brass.", "HARRY.": "Wait a minute \u2022\u2022\u2022 (pointing to the Queen) She's made the same mistake I always make. If I go there, she has to take me, and the King is exposed! Ron nods, but it's clear he doesn't share Harry's", "\"\"'-t;-_;,:.\u00b7": "", ":\\._~:--\u2022\",)\"": "0 53 54 Sh()Oting \u00b7oraft . White 11/09/00 21 .. i >", "HARRY.\u00b7 .": "", "GOBLIN": "Very well.", "GRIPBOOK": "About once every ten years. Barry peers into the vault, sees \u2022\u2022\u2022 a", "BAGRID": "That's no ord'nary c_ut on your forehead. A mark like that only comes when yeh've been touched by a curse. An evil curse. . . . . Just.then, a", "BAGRJ:D (CONT'D)": "Anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, they'd be sucked through the door.", "O\u00b7\u00b7": "-_ ,_,..,._ Revision 2nd Green 19/04/01 23\u00b7 HAmtY I still need \u2022\u2022\u2022 a wand.", "SAGRID": ". {points ahead) . Only place for wands, is Ollivanders. You go inside. I got one more thing I gotta'do. \u00b7 Barry nods, walks into Ollivanders.", "OLLIVANDER": "No. No.\u00b7nefinitely not. No Matter. After a11 \u2022\u2022\u2022 it's .the wand that chooses the wizard. -\u00b7---2..5-- --__ .._ -", "OLLIVANDER (CONT'D)": "Ollivander slides the lid on the box, hands it to Barry \u2022 .", ". OLLIVANDER": "I wonder \u2022\u2022\u2022 .. Olliv~der descends, presents .~ box. Stifling a yaw, Barry takes the wand \u2022\u2022\u2022 and his exp1=ession changes. . .", "OLLIVANOER. (CONT'D)": "Curious. Very curio\u00b5s \u2022.\u2022\u2022", "OLLIVANDER.": "As I said, the wand chooses the wizard, Mr. Potter. It's not always clear why. But I think-it's clear we can expect great things from you. \u00b7 After all, Be-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things.", "BAGR:CD": "Crikey, yeh'd think yeh hadn't gotten a birthday present before.", "BARRY.": "Youl The figure turns. It .. is Professo~ Quirrell. .", "BAGR:CD.": "'Course I know. Who do yeh think carried yeh out o' yer parents' house, Ballowe'en night, ten years ago? Who \u00b7 do yeh think brought yeh ter Dumbledore an' watched him lay yeh on yer Aunt an' Uncle's doorstep? 'Course", ".BAGRID": "Dark days those were, Barry. . . Volde \u2022\u00b7 \u2022\u2022 You~Know-Who \u2022\u2022\u2022 started look.in' fer followers. Got 'em too. Anyone . that stood up to him-. ended up dead. Including yer parents. No one lived once he decided to kill 'em. Not one.", "; .BARRY": "But what happened to Vol \u2022\u2022\u2022 to You-Know-. Who? BAGllD\" Some say he died. Codswal.lop, in my opinion. I reckon.he's out there somewhere, jus' too weak to carry on. But one thing's fer certain, Barry.", "BARRY ._": "There must be something wrong, Bagrid. This says Platform Nine and Three Quarters. There's no such thing.~. Barry looks up, but Bagrid \u2022\u2022\u2022 is gone.", "BARRY (CONT'D)": "The Philosopher's ~tone .\u2022. A commotion is heard as Bagrid and the others come slashing through the trees. As Bar%Y\u00b7reacts, the others break into . the clearing.", "STATION.OFFICER": ". (grumbling off) . Think you're funny, do you? Nine and Three-Quarters indeed ..\u2022 Harry looks about, despairingly, then", "\u00b7FRED": "I'm not Fred. r\u00b7, m George. Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother?", "MRS. WEASLEY": "certainly not. The boy isn't something you goggle at in a zoo. (as the", "\u00b7 FRED": "Only joking. I am Fred. ........... -\"2.'", "NEVILLE": "No! I won't let you. You'll get Gryffindor in trouble again. I'll .\u2022. I'll fight you! You were the ones who told me I had to stand up to people!", "GRAN": "Oh, Neville. Honestly. Not again \u2022\u2022 ~. Further up, a", "STUDENT": "Go on, Lee. Give us a look. As Lee lifts the", "GEORGE": "What's football? Hermione fights her way through the Slytherin faithful, who cackle at Harry'~ plight, toward Snape.", "FRED": "Don't worry,\u00b7you three. This'll all blow over \u2022 .", "PERCY": "Caput Draconis. The portrait", "FRED/GEORGE": "Harry Potter!", "GINNY": "Oh, Mum, can I go on and see him? Please. -------. --. ~ ...... ---65 66 -----------_ .. -----.. _ ----jJ-----* * *", "RON": "Come on now, Harry. Harry glances about once more, then starts for the train.", "::--\u2022\u2022 ..": "", "RON {CONT'D)": "Is. it true? I mean, have you really got the \u2022\u2022\u2022 you know. \u2022 \u2022 \u00b7 , . . Without prompting, Harry lifts his hair.. Shows the scar.", "RON (CONT'D)": "Think~ \u2022 \u00b7. ~ Think.\u00b7. . (deciding) Castle to \u2022\u2022\u2022 c3 The", "RON .": ";,.Does anybody feel like \u2022.\u2022 we shouldn't be here?", "HARRY\u00b7": "Lopk in properly, go ori, stand here. Harry steps aside. Ron takes his place and~ \u2022. freezes.", "HERMIONE": "Feels\u00b7 strangi, doesn'_t it? To be _7 .home. ~ going", "HERMIONE (CONT'D)": ". There. That's better, isn't it? I'm Hermione Granger, bythe way. And you are ... ? Ron is still staring at the glasses, feeling a bit outdone.", ".::~~;~,": "\u00b7.\u00b7\u2022\u00b7 !\" -;;,...,,r 0 0 ' __, 69 70", "A\u2022 \u00b7*": ". . * .. 70 \u00b7 *", "\u00b7~\\;;_){:;.": ".;,", ".;, -.-,A'~": "\u2022\u2022\\ ... ~\u00b7 ' u ------~ Shooting Draft White 11/09/00. 37.", ". NEVILLE": "Trevor! Neville, blissfully relieved, gathers his toad,.then peers up from the hem of Professor McGonagall's", "HARRY .": "S~ppose we won't be needing this now. LOe>k, it's obvious Snape's already got past Fluffy~ If you two want to go back--", "MALFOY": "The Forest? But I thought that was just a joke. We can't go in the Forest.\u00b7students aren't allowed. And there's \u2022.. werewolves. .", "MALFOY (CONT'D)": "Have it your way, then! * * -,, -. s \u00b7. ... -----------", "HERMIONE .": "How could I be so stupid! I checked this out weeks ago for a bit of light reading \u2022 . -...", "SORTING HAT": "Hmmrn. Difficult. Very Difficult. Plenty of courage, I see. Not a bad mind either. There's talent, oh yes, and a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you \u2022\u2022\u2022 '? Harry grips the edge of the stool, closes his eyes. His lips move ever so", "SEAMUS": "Eye of rabbit, harp string hum .\u2022\u2022", "PERCY .\u00b7,(CONT'D)": "Hello, Sir Ni~olas. Have a nice summer?", "SCHOOL SINGING": "Hogwarts, Hogwa~ts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts Teach us things worth knowing Bring back what we've forgo~ Just do your best, we'll do the rest And learn until our brains all rot \u2022..", "\u00b7 'PERCY": "(walking on) Rather a nuisance, I'm afraid. Ah. Here we . are \u2022. At the very end. of the corridor, hangs a", "PINK LADY": ". Password'?", "PER.CY": "Girls' doDllitory to the ieft. Boys to the right. You'll find your belongings have already been brought up. 'Any questions'? \u00b7. (no one speaks) Then, goodnight all. Oh, and don' t", "(MORE) *": "* * 77 .", "SNAPE": "You want to be careful. People will think you're~ \u2022\u2022 up to something. Snape eyes Harry, then turns away.", "SNAPE (CONT'D)": "And Gryffindors~ Note-that five points will be taken from. your House for your classmate's cheek.", "SNAPE\u00b7": "Silence! And put your hand down, you silly girl! Hermione wilts. Snape steps toward Harry, eyes glimmering.", "RAREY": "Hey, Ron. Somebody broke into Gringotts!", "MADAME HOOCH": "Thank you, Miss Granger. We can dispense with the more unattractive historical details of the game. Nevertheless, your point is well taken. Match to Gryffindor! As Harry's teammates lift him to their shoulders, Hermione spies Snape in the far stands, limping quickly away, his", ". :~f;;:~.:": "", ":\u2022\u00b7~--\u2022~\u00b7\u00ad": "\u00b7~\u00b7 .... ,,__\"!. (j'\\ .. v 0 ... \u2022. -. \u00b7. \u00b7._. Sh66tin~ Draft White \u00b711/09/00 so~ - .\u00b7 . . \u2022. .", "\u00b7: -...": "ignoring the earth as it rushes toward him, extending- his hand and \u2022\u2022\u2022 snatching the ball only feet\u00b7from the ground. He .lands rupn;ing, grinning, a~ the Gryffindors", "ROR": "Oh go on, Harry. Quidditch is great. Best game there is. And you'll be great too.", "WHISPERS.": "-------.5(i -------- - .- - - ..._, - a", "\u2022'\"t\":\"\u00b7:' \u2022": "0 Shooting Draft White ll/09/00 54. .", "\u00b7. HERMIONE": "It was standing on a trapdoor, which means-it's not there by accident. It's-", "WOOD": "I don't really remember. I took a Bludger to the head about two minutes in and woke up in the hospital~ week la~er. Madame Hooch, clad in", "PROFESSOR FLITWICK": "And er1unciate! Never forget Wizard Baruffio, who said 's' instead of 'f' and found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest.", ".. RON": "You do it then, if you're so clever. .. . .", "\u00b7HARRY": "I've found him. * * Ron stops, sees Harry holding up Dumbledore's wizard card. * Ron takes it. *", "\u00b7 RON": "Yes! Harry grins,\u00b7 then", ".:\u2022---=\u00b7.": "() u Revision Salmon \u00b7\u00b7 14 ll/00", ".HERMIONE": "Is it--dead'?", "\u00b7 HERMIONE": "It's my fault, Professor McGonagall. . _._ri,.", "PROFESSOR.MCGONAGALL": "Hogwarts teachers do not hate their students, Mr. Weasley \u2022\u2022\u2022 (pointedly, as she exits) No matter how taxing they may be.", "\u00b7 HARRY": "(troubled). \u00b7", "~ \\J;}": "C Shooting Draft White\u00b7 11/09/00 63. -.", ". RON": "Take a bit of toast, mate.\u00b7Go on.", ". HERMIONE\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7": "So you' re saying.~ \u2022. \u00b7 \u00b7.", "ANGELINA": "Marcus Flint. Slytherin Captain. They say he's got troll blood in him. Harry swallows as Flint \u00b7glares at him murderously.", "LEE JORDAN": "Quaffle' s up \u2022\u2022\u2022 and straight off taken by Angelina Jopnson of Gryffindor. What an. excellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attractive too, I might add... \u00b7 . . . . Professor MeGonagall casts a disapproving glance atJordan,", "RON/HERMIONE/HAGRID": "", ". ~:": "u Shooting Draft White 11/09/00 68 .. . -;;,", ".I": "I I -~ I ,1-\u00b7 \u00b71 .i . ___ .......", "I I": "-~ I ,1-\u00b7 \u00b71 .i . ___ ....... . ~,..... ..", "HAGRID .": "Unfortunate rtothin'. He's got the Snitch! Harry", "FLINT": "He didn't catch it. He swallowed it!", "HAGRID.": "\u00b7oori' be\u00b7 askin' me anymore. That's top secret, that is. --. .", "HJ;GRID": "Codswallop! Snape's a Hogwart'steacher.", "I": "~", "BISHOP": ".'. Don' t send me there ! \u00b7 Can' t you see his", "---~ HERMIONE": "Oh my god! That's b~rbaric!", "_ RON": "Change of plans. My parents decided to go to Romania to visit my brother Charlie. He's studying_dragons there.", "HERMIONE-": "You can help Harry then. He promised to keep looking in the library for Nicolas -Flamel over holiday.", "\u2022 >,':_--..-w~~,I": "0 \u2022 -\u00b7-\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7-------\u00b7-\u00b7\u00b7--\u00b7-\u00b7--------------------- .. .-\u00b7 .\u00b7.\u00b7 .. \u00b7... . \u00b7. : \u00b7.\u00b7 .. I think", "'RON": "\u2022 Well~ let's ._ see then. Fut it on. As\u00b7Harrytakes\u00b7.the cloth, .we hang on Ron, watching,", "O.\u00b7": ".\u00b7\u00b7 \u2022 . \u00b7 Revision \u00b72nd 'Pink.", "FILCH \u00b7*": "Professors \u2022\u2022\u2022 I found this. In the * Restricted Section. It's still hot. *", ".\u00b7.: .": "Harry turns--as if expecting to\u00b7see sonieone--but finds only the dark~hapes of desks and chairs \u2022. Slowly, he turns back . . In the mi\u00a3.ror, \u00b7 Harry sees his own startle.d reflection and ... beyond ..\u2022 a", "HARRY (CONT'D)\u00b7": "There's something you've got to see! 118", ":o\u00b7": "0, ~~) Shooting Draft White 11/09/00 75 \u2022", "DOMBLEDORE (O.S.)": ".Back again, Harry? Harry turns. Dumbledore slips off a desk, sits beside him.", "DOMBLEDORE (CONT'D)": "I see that you--like so many before you-\u00ad have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I expect by now you realize what it does.", "DOMBLEDORE": "What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a complete secret-so natural\"ly .\u00b7 the whole school )qlows. Your friend Ronald has saved you the trouble of-opening your chocolate frogs. Though one", "RON/HERMIONE": "Leg-Locker Curse. (and then to each other) Malfoy. Neville, breathing hard, reaches the Gryffindor table, then, before anyone can catch him, topples.to the floor.", "NEVILLE \u00b7*": "Of course .not. That's all I need~you to * .. set my bloody kneecaps on. fire.. \u00b7 \u00b7 *", ",RON\u00b7 *": "All right then, Neville, who shall it be? * Me, Hermione; or... *", "RON *": "Lucky we didn't panic. *", "HABRY": "So Flamel knows someone's after the Stone ..\u2022 gives it to Dumbledore to keep safe at Hogwarts \u2022.\u2022 not realizing that the one who's after it .\u2022.", "\u00b7\u00b7HERMIONE": "Of course! There are other things defending the Stone, .aren't there? Spells, enchantments ...", ".. HAGRID": "Ah. Well. That's ... er ...", "\u00b7HAGRID": "Won it. Off a stranger in the village. \u00b7. Think he was. glad ter be rid of it, ter , be honest\u00b7. .\u00b7Blimey. . \u2022 .. .. \u00b7 \u00b7 The scraping is 'furious now.. Quickly, Hagrid takes the egg from the kettle, sets it on-a table. Fissures spread like veins over its surface, then it \u2022\u2022.", "HARRY\u00b7.\u00b7": "Norbert?", "HARRY *": "", "N~? *": "", "MALFOY *": "Excuse me, Professor. Perhaps I heard you * wrong. I thought you said the four of us. * --------~-- ---_..., . .-, -", ". GEORGE": "It may take a year or two, but eventually people will start talking to you again. \u00b7", "\u00b7\u00b7FILCH": "A pity they let the old punishments die. Was a time, detention would find you all \u2022 hanging by your thumbs in the dungeons \u2022\u2022. 139 140", "FILCH": "For god's sake, pull yourself together, man. You're going into the Forest, after all. Got to have your wits about you. .... * * * \u00b7.", "FILCH (CONT'D)": "Good god, man, you're not ~till on about that bloody dragon, are you?", "\u00b7\u00b7:~": "0 . .. -..,___ Revision Yellow 13/10/00", ". FILCH": "(turning away) Oh, there's more'n werewolves in those trees, lad. You can be sure o' that. -..___ -.. ----~ * *", "\u00b7MAI.FOY": "You're too stupid to.be scared, Potter, growing up with Muggles. If you were from a real wizard family, you wouldn't be laughing.", "FIRENZE": "Can you think of no one?", "FIRENZE: .": "Only one who has nothing_to lose would comm.it such a crime. It is a monstrous thing to slay a unicorn. The blood of .a unicorn.will keep.you \u2022alive, even if you are an inch from death, but at a terrible price. You have slain", "FIRENZE .": "Do you Jcnow what -is bidden in the : school at", "\u00b7 BARRY": "The Sorcerer's Stone.", "HERMIONE.": "Barry!", "EAGRID": "Oh, it's you, is it, Firenze. I see you've met our Mr. Potter. All right there, Barry? Barry nods \u2022\u2022\u2022 but he looks anythfng but all right. 146 \u00b7OMI\"rrED 146 ------ _...,__ * \u2022\u2022", "\u00b7RERMiom:": "No. We're forgetting one thing. Who's the one.wizardVoldemort always feared? \u00b7 (as they turn) Dumbledore. As long as.Dumbledore's around, you're safe, Barry. As long as", ".:...~--": "0 Shooting Draft White . 11/09/00 93. .", "::~/\u00b7": "---Revision 'lan uo \u2022 \"'-\u2022. v ... 94", "PROFESSORMCGONAGALL": "Nonsense. I don't know how you three found out about the Stone, but I assure you it.is we~l protected. Now, run along.", "SNAPE (O.S.)": "Good afternoon. They freeze. Up ahead, Snape stands, studying them.", "HARRY/RON/HERMIONE": "Trevor. Trevor the toad blinks up at them.", "NEVILI,B": "Neither should you. They all jump. Neville rises from an armchair.", "NEVILLE (CONT'D)": "You' re sneaking out again., aren't you'?", "\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7HARRY": "i~ow, Neville, listen ...", "EON": "To people. Not us. Neville raises his fists. Unfortunately, his teddy bear pyjamas somewhat undermine the intended effect.", "PEEVES": "Who's there'? Know you're there, even if.I can't see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie? * * * *\u00b7", "HERMIONE\u00b7": "Locked.", ". HERMIONE": "The harp \u2022\u2022\u2022 what happened\u00b7 to the-- . splat! something wet and sticky hits Ron's shoulder.", "HARRY/RON": "Hermione! Panicking, \u00b7Harry and Ron begin to struggle anew, but the vines only wrap more tightly around them. * * * *", "F\\ \\_,_)": "---.. --Revision\u00b7 2nd White 01/02/01 lOu", "' G,,": ". \u2022,", "CJ\u00b7": ". : __ / .. --. Revision \u00b7. 2nd White 01/02/\u00b70l", "QO'IRRELL .": "Mm, yes, he.does seem the type, doesn't he? So useful Snape. SWooping around like\u00b7an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would suspect p-~r st- \u00b7stuttering Professor Quirrell?", "BARRY\u00b7": "But that day, during the Quidditch match \u2022\u2022\u2022 Snape to \u00b7kill me.\u00b7 QumRELI, . No,. dear boy, I tried to kill you. And, trust me, if Snape's cloak hadn't caught fire and broken my eye contact,", "QOIRRELL": "Wh-what is this magic? Barry, breathing hard, follows Quirrell's gaze, stares in", "VOICE (O.S.)": "Be lies.", "VOICE (O.S~)": "Let me speak to him. QOilUtELL Master,_you are not strong enough.", "VOICE (O.S.).": "I have strength enough \u2022\u2022\u2022 for\u00b7 this. Quirrell reaches up, unfurls his turban.\u00b7In", "VOLDEMORT": "Fool! Get the Stone! Barry rises, looks at Qu.irrell's withering.fingers, then to his own hands, healthy and whole. As Quirrell starts to move, Barry, in the flash of a second \u2022\u2022\u2022 \u2022\u2022\u2022 decides. Be bolts forward, reaches up with both hands and \u2022\u2022\u2022 presses them to Qu.irrell's face.", "VOLDEMORT {CONT'D)": "Don't be a fool, Barry. Why suffer a horrific death, when you can join me \u2022\u2022\u2022 and live.", "VOLDEMORT (CONT'D)": "Together, we can bring them back. All I ask \u2022\u2022\u2022 is \u00a3or", "BARRY \u00b7": "Liar!", "(--:Z ')": "V \u2022\u2022\u2022 * * * * \u00b7* * \u2022.", ". DOMBLEDORE": "Good afternoon, Barry. Barty\u00b7squints, as if .the card itself had spoken to him, then sees that the real Dumbledore is sitting on the windowsill. The great-wizard slides off, gestures to the treats.", "DUMBLEDORE .": "Fine. Bothof them~ Madame Pomfrey has explicitly forbidden visitors. But", "DUMBLEDORE.": "Yes, yes. As much money and life as one could ever want--the two things most human beings would choose above all-else. Unfortunately, humans do have a knack for choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.", "DUMBLEDORE (CONT'D).": "Do you know why Professor Quirrell couldn't bear to touch you, Harry? It's because of your mother. She sacrificed herself for you. And that kind of act leaves a mark.\u00b7 Harry reaches up to his scar.", "DUMBLEOORE (CONT'D)": "No, this kind of mark cannot be seen. It lives in your very skin. It is the very thing someone like Professo-r Quirrell-\u00ad full. of hatred and greed--cannot understand. Or bear to touch.", "\u00b7HARRY\u00b7.": "What is it?", "DUMBLEOORE": "Love,Harry. Love. Dumbledore looks away then, smiles at Harry's treats. .", "(MORE) ,.": ",.\u00b7 * ..... * * * * .....", "f-l:\",?.RY": "Yes, .of course. I was only wondering. Is \u00b7\u2022 it", "PERCY.": "My youngest brother, you know!", "-.;-:": "\u00b7. 165"}, "independenceday.php": {"CUT TO:": "   A                                      ", "Super up:": "", "SUPERVISOR:": "If this isn't an insanely beautiful woman, I'm hanging up. God, I hope it's not just another damned Russian spy job. Let's not jump the gun.  Run a trajectory source computation. Tech Three slides over to another computer. What's wrong?", "TECH ONE:": "Shut up and listen. He holds the phone up to a speaker, increases the volume.  A strange It's the real thing.  A radio signal from another world. The room becomes quiet as they realize that after years of searching the heavens, they might have finally found something.", "TECH THREE:": "(overlapping) Negative.  Computer affirms the signal is unidentified. This can't be right. Tech Three just stares at his screen in disbelief. Calculated distance from source is at three hundred and eight five thousand kilometers. Page 3/138", "TECH TWO:": "(hanging up the phone) The boy from Air Res Traffic say the skies are clear.  No terrestrial launches.", "GENERAL GREY:": "Who else knows about this? Looks like a big turd. The two Officers exchange a glance. A meteor? How do you know? It's doing what? Get me the Secretary of Defense. (pause) Then wake him up. Forgive me, but with the little information we do have, the only thing that would accomplish is turn one dangerous falling object into many. Just then the door opens and Constance enters. That's not your call to make, Mr. Nimziki. Where in the Pacific? (turning to the President) They've spotted one off the California coast line. Surrounded by the Secret Service, the President is speechless. Constance Halbrook comes rushing into the room and whispers to Mr. President, we have an Get them back on line. (to President) Sir, I strongly recommend we move you to a secured location immediately. ... The President hesitates, he turns to Constance. With your permission, Mr. President, I'd like to remain my your side. Sir, what happens if they do become hostile? More ships keep arriving, fifteen in total so far. We're trying to communicate with them on all frequencies but we're getting nowhere.  Atlantic Command is working on a type of visual communication. But Mr. President... She should be shortly. David flips open his laptop which The helicopter never arrived at Nellis and there's been no radio contact. The news rocks the President.  They both know what that means. All satellites, microwave and ground communications with the cities are gone.  We believe we're Page 65/138 (pointing) Fire at will. Have We've moved as many of our forces away from the bases as possible but we've already sustained heavy losses. The President nods his approval absently.  Coming out of the bathroom, David overhears. What's the latest from My God, the Vice President and the Joint Chiefs... (stern) Sir, i remind you that you are just a guest here... You were the head of the National Intelligence Agency!  You knew all about this.  When were you planning on informing the rest of us!? Christ, why didn't you say anything about this when they first arrived?  You could have warned us before we launched a counter attack that cost us hundreds of American pilots! (composing himself) And there are scattered reports of sightings over Miami, Ft. Worth, And Memphis. The President and his team take seats at the large conference table. Didn't anyone tell you?  I'm sorry.  El Toro was destroyed in the attack. Steve is shattered, he had no idea. Wait. (to Okun) Can you hear me? (to Mitchell) Is that glass bullet proof? Mr. President, are you okay? Woozily the President sits up, a strange look in his eye. The major cities have been deserted.  Civilian casualties should be at a minimum, sir. One map screen, Mr. President, do you wish to deploy. Still there is no answer. How did you do that? Are you telling us you can send out a signal that will disable all their shields? How long would their shields be down? With their shields down it might be possible. Page 109/138 Yes, Sir. He storms off leaving everyone stunned. Better than we thought. General Grey leads the President over to the wall map. We have confirmed divisions of troops from different armies all around the world.  Most of Europe, the Middle East and Asia are battle ready. Page 113/138 Pilots, sir.  We don't have enough people to get them in the air. Beggars can't be choosers, sir. Nodding in agreement, the President walks among the rank and file.  Slowly they turn their attention to the President. Mr. President, just what do you think you're doing? (filtered) Roger, Eagle One, our primary target has shifted course. I think our secret is out. They're headed right for us. (filtered) (filtered) Do not engage until we've confirmed the package has been delivered. (into mic) Eagle One... (filtered) ...the package is being delivered. Stand by to engage. (filtered) Delivery complete.  Engage. Keep your fingers crossed. It didn't work.  Disengage.  Sir, get your people out of there. You did it!  A direct hit! (filtered) They're getting ready to fire the big gun.  You're going to have to find a vulnerable spot, fast.", "COMMANDING OFFICER": " Excuse me, Sir. He slides his security card through the lock and the doors fly open. Satellite reception has been impaired but we were able to get these. They arrive at a glass table.  The surrounding officers snap to attention as a We estimate it has a diameter of over five hundred and fifty kilometers and a mass roughly one fourth the size of our moon. The General turns to the Second Officer, concerned. Page 4/138 Our intelligence tells us the object has settled into a stationary orbit. Not really. He lays out the diagrams and photos on the table.  Everyone gathers around. Part of it has broken off into nearly three dozen other pieces. They should be entering our atmosphere within the next twenty- five minutes. The room is silenced.  All eyes turn to the President who says nothing.  Nimziki leans in close to him. A second sighting? Correction, we have two confirmed visual contacts.  One over Iraq, one over the Pacific.", "Super:": " A  The ", "SECOND OFFICER:": "No Sir.  Definitely not. Well, er... it's slowing down. It's... slowing down, Sir. The General walks over to a phone, picks it up.", "WOMAN'S VOICE": "(filtering through phone) Hi. It's me. The warm look on Whitmore's face tells us everything about how he feels about the woman on the other end.", "WHITMORE:": "Hi honey.  What time is it there? (filtered) As a matter of fact you did. I have a confession to make. There's a beautiful young blonde sleeping next to me. Sleeping next to him, his six-year-old daughter, Of course not. The little girl stirs awake, looks up. You're flying back right after the luncheon?  Okay, here she is. Whitmore hands her the phone and gets out of bed.  Habitably he turns on the television. Traitor. Whitmore exits the room. Good morning, George. The paper is dropped revealing You're up early this morning, Connie. She tosses him one of the many newspapers in her hands. Clever. (pointedly) Isn't it amazing how fast everyone can turn against you. Realizing she may be pushing him too far, she hands him another paper. You see, substance at last. An Yes?  Say that again?", "MARGARET:": "(smiles) Liar. (filtered) You didn't let her stay up watching You're staying there to keep people calm.  It's the right thing to do.  I'm not going to let them criticize you for it. (filtered) How's the munchkin? Page 41/138 Your son. Was his father stationed here? Really?  Ballet? Oh.  Sorry. And when the dancing's over?  What about your future? (surprised) I thought you didn't recognize me. Hiya Munchkin. I'm right here, baby. Recovering, the President nods for the doctors to leave the room.  As they begin to march out, he makes his way over to his wife and daughter. (through tears) I'm scared, Tom. Liar. The look between them says more than any words.", "PATRICIA:": "Mommy? (into phone) Daddy let me watch Letterman. Mommy, we were worried.  We didn't know where you were. Is Mommy sleeping now?", "SECURITY GUARD:": "Good morning, Mr. President.", "CONSTANCE:": "They're not attacking your policies, they're attacking your Page 7/138 Age was never an issue when you stuck to your gun.  You were thought of as young and idealistic.  But the message has gotten lost.  There's too much compromise, too much politics. Well, the Orange County Register has named you one of the ten sexiest men of the year. Excuse me, Mr. President.  It's the Secretary of Defense. Whitmore goes to the phone, picks it up. Tell them to run with it if they want to embarrass themselves. (smiles confidently) Come on, people.  Would I keep you guys out of the loop? The press is making up their own stories at this point. Page 15/138 Isn't that a little premature? More than likely. (filtered) ...so far the phenomenon has not caused any damage.  In all Page 26/138 ...everyone should remain calm. Take cover where you can but the important thing is not to panic. (filtered) ...we have a fix on three different occurrences about to appear over American cities.  One is headed toward Los Angeles... (filtered) ...the other two are on our Eastern seaboard headed towards New York and Washington, What is their position? What do we do now? Yeah.  I'm one of them. What do you want? This is not the time or the place to have this same old discussion. In case you haven't noticed, we're in a little bit of a crisis here. Page 36/138 You're being paranoid. ...Sally, take my cat with when you leave.  No I'm staying here at the White House.  Take care. The moment she hangs up, it What? David?  How'd you get this number? What am I looking for? (to herself) How does he do that? And when is the countdown supposed to expire? What do you want me to do? I can't leave.  We have to tell this to the President. David thought I was having an affair, which I wasn't. Wait here.  I'll be right back. David sets up his laptop. I don't know how you put up with him. Page 55/138 I'll bet. My ex-husband works in satellite communications. You saved a lot of lives. He still gets air sick, huh?  In all of this I didn't get the chance to thank you two. Spunky.  He told you about that? (sadly) Love was never our problem. We're losing them. David, don't... David pushes past her. (overlapping) David, please... I take it you've heard. He didn't come to this decision lightly. David nods, he doesn't want to argue.  He smiles cynically. He's a good man. I wanted a career.  Didn't you ever want to be part of something special? David stares daggers at her. I really have no idea.  He just said to bring everyone down here. Steve shows Dylan the alien space craft. (amazed) He just did. Thirty seconds?  Isn't that cutting it a little too close? With you?  I don't understand why you can't just show someone how to plant the virus, somebody trained for this kind of mission? (to herself) Now he gets ambitious. Be careful. Constance hugs David as Steve suddenly freaks out. What if that thing gets here before we can plant the virus? But what about all the people outside? Mitchell shoots her a worried look.  Quickly they both dash outside. Page 124/138 Hurry, we've got to get everyone inside. Constance looks up and Are you all right? You bet it did. She hugs him.  They kiss.", "MOISHE:": "What are you waiting?  My social security will expire, you'll still be sitting there. So think already. David makes a move.  Instantly Moishe counters his move. David furls his brow in thought. Again he's thinking. Moishe reaches into a paper bag and retrieves a coffee in a Styrofoam cup. You don't move soon.  I'll begin to decompose. Just as David finally makes his move, Moishe counters again. Page 9/138 I'm only saying, it's been what? Four years, you still haven't signed your divorce papers. Three, four.  Move on.  It's not healthy. Moishe takes a big puff on the cigar and coughs. How many times is that now?  You trying to get fired? David moves his queen. That's not checkmate I can still... Oh. (yelling after him) You could let an old man win once in a while, it wouldn't kill you. The television said they've started with the looting already Vultures. You want to borrow the car?  You don't have a license. It's the White House, for crying out loud.  You can't just drive up and ring the bell. You think they don't know what you know?  Believe me, they know.  She works for the President.  They know everything. Page 40/138 And you're going to educate them? Tell me something, you're so smart how come you spent eight years at All I'm saying is they've got people who handle these things, David.  They want The whole world is trying to get out of Washington and we're the only schmucks trying to get in. As Moishe drives, David distracts him as he unpacks his backpack unloading his laptop.  He grabs a You think an important person like Constance is going to be listed? Oh my God! Moishe Not listed, huh? Spunky? (sarcastic) So what do I know? So, you want to ring the bell or should It's perfect the line is busy? You can do that? Shooting his father a look. (to himself) Very nice. Constance is looking at David's laptop displaying the breakdown of the alien signal. Sure he'll listen.  Why wouldn't he? You punched the President in the face? Punched the President?  Oh my god. If I had known I was going to meet the President, I'd a worn a tie. Look at me, I look like a schlemiel. Not on his desk. Moishe Martinsburg, Mr. President. It's Air Force One for crying out loud.  Still he gets sick? Page 66/138 Look at me, like a rock.  Good weather, bad, doesn't matter. (motions with his hands) We can go up and down, back and forth, side to side... David can't take any more of this story and takes off running What I say? Constance comes over, sits next to Moishe. Think nothing of it, Spanky. Constance smiles, corrects him. (nods) All he could think about was getting to you.  There's still love there I think. All you need is love.  John Lennon.  Smart man.  Shot in the back, very sad. Don't tell him to shut up!  You'd all be dead, were it not for my David.  You didn't do anything to prevent this! As everyone is about to besiege Moishe, the President tries to calm him down. Don't give me unprepared!  Since nineteen fifty whatever you guys have had that space ship, the thing you found in New Mexico. Page 78/138 What was it, Roswell?  You had the space ship, the bodies, everything locked up in a bunker, the what is it, Area fifty one.  That's it! Area fifty one.  You knew and you didn't do nothing! You didn't think they actually spent ten thousand dollars for a hammer and thirty thousand for a toilet seat, did you? The President shoots him a look.  They are greeted by a group of (smug) Never any space ships recovered by the government, huh? David, David!  What the hell are you doing!? David, you're drunk. David slips, falls on his ass, hard.  Moishe helps him back up on his feet. I think you better sleep this off. Go back inside before you catch a cold. Slowly David looks up towards Moishe, an idea. What'd I say? David, take these. David looks down at the \"barf bags\" in Moishe's hand. I want you should know, I'm very proud of you, son. That means more to David than Moishe could have known. My last two.  With my blessings. It's okay.", "DAVID:": "I'm thinking. You have any idea how long it takes for those things to decompose? Dad, don't start. Three years. Look who's talking healthy. Suddenly David's beeper goes off. Checkmate.  See you tomorrow, Dad. He gives his father a quick kiss and hurries away. It was turned on.  I was ignoring you.  What's the big emergency? Damn it, Marty.  There's a reason we have bins labeled \"recycle.\" Finding more bottles in the trash, David turns to Marty accusingly. What the hell is this? Did you try to switch to transponder channels? Let's retrofit the dish to another satellite. That's impossible. There's good news and bad news. You're in meal penalty for disturbing my lunch. No.  The good news is I found the problem and it's not our equipment.  There's some weird signal embedded within the satellite feed. Yes, because the analog signal has a definite sequential digital patterns embedded within it.  When I find the exact binary sequence and I apply a phase reversed signal to that calculated spectra I've got a lock on the signal pattern.  We can filter it out. Strange thing is, if my calculations are right it'll be gone in approximately seven hours anyway.  The signal reduces itself every time it recycles. Eventually it will disappear.  Are What re you talking about? No way, I've got to see this. (realizing) My God.  The signal. Tell her to get the kids and leave town. (yells) Just do it! Marty realizes David is dead serious. That signal.  It's a countdown. Think.  It's like in chess.  First you strategically position your pieces.  Then, when the timing's right.  You strike. David motions to the television. They are positioning themselves all over the world and using this one signal to synchronize their efforts.  In approximately six hours the signal will disappear and the countdown will be over. Checkmate. Marty takes a beat to digest.  Then, grabbing the phone.... (filtered) You have to leave the White House. You don't understand.  You have to leave Washington. (filtered) I've worked with embedded loading. They're communicating with a hidden signal.  They're going to attack... (filtered) It's not paranoia.  The embedding is very subtle.  It's probably been overlooked... Constance hangs up.  Her face betrays mixed emotions. Pops! You still got the Olds? That's okay.  You're driving. Can't this thing go any faster? They don't know this. Dad... This, pops, is every phone book in America. She always keeps her portable phone listed, for emergencies. Sometimes it's just her first initial, sometime her nickname... David starts to look it up.  Suddenly... Page 44/138 Nice driving, pops! Dangerously close to a heart attack, Moishe is, for once, at a loss for words.  Over their adrenaline pumped faces... I just haven't found it yet.  I tried College nickname. She didn't take my name when we were married. Moishe shrugs.  David gives it a shot.  Finds it.  The machine Perfect, she's using it. Yes.  I can use he signal to triangulate her exact position in the White House. (sarcastic) All cable repairmen can. (filtered) Connie, don't hang up. Walk to the window.  Right in front of you. Constance looks up to the large glass windows.  She walks over to it, looking out. Page 50/138 (checking) Fifty six minutes, forty five seconds. Constance runs her fingers through her hair, exasperated. Moishe turns, listens. He's not going to listen to me. Surprised at his son, Moishe steps forward. Because last time I saw him I punched him in the face. He wasn't the President then. It's about \"Line o sight,\" Mr. President... David draws a circle representing Earth and a smaller circle just away from it.  The President reluctantly nears. ...If you wanted t coordinate with ships all over the world, you couldn't send one signal to every place at the same time.  That's called line of sight... Drawing a line from the ship of either side of the Earth, we Mr. President, they are using our own satellites against us and the clock is ticking. Moishe, please, don't talk. Moishe pats his belly. You can't be seriously considering firing nuclear weapons? This is insanity!  You'll kill us and them at the same time. There'll be nothing left! (embarrassed) Dad, please... All I did was stumble onto their signal.  I don't know how helpful I can be... Maybe. The technician hands David his retrieved laptop which he quickly flips open and turns on. These patterns here, they're repeating sequentially, just like... David turns his laptop around for Okun to see.  The pattern on David's laptop flashes identically as the alien screen. Just my luck, no ice. You still believe in him. Better be.  You left me for him. I was part of something special. Constance realizes he means their marriage.  She's hurt him and can see it.  She turns and leaves. I'm making a mess. We've gotta burn the rain forest, Pops.  Dump toxic waste, pollute the air, rip up the ozone.  Maybe if we screw this planet up enough they won't want it anymore. Pops, you're a genius! A cold?  Of course. Sobered, David jumps kisses his father and bolts inside. Could anyone please step back away from the craft? They do and David nods to a Technician inside the craft.  The Technician disappears inside, closing the door behind him.  A loud Lt. Mitchell, would you mind drawing your pistol? From where you're standing, do you think you could shoot that can off the alien craft? Mitchell shrugs affirmatively.  David gestures for him to try. Taking aim, Mitchell Sorry 'bout that.  You see, it's protected by the craft's shields. We can't penetrate their defenses. My point is if we can't beat their defenses, then we must get around them. David stops typing and stares at his wrist watch, silently counting down. Lt. Mitchell, would you please try to shoot it again? Reluctantly Mitchell obliges.  This time the can is I gave it a cold. The President is fascinated, he steps closer.  Moishe beams proudly at his smart son.  Constance is amazed. Just as they used our satellites against us, we can use their own signal against them. David walks over to a diagram he's made showing the relationship between the Mother Ship, the Space Crafts and the smaller alien attackers. We'll have to fly their craft out of our atmosphere and dock with the mother ship. Intrigued Steve turns and looks back at the alien attacker, sizing it up.  David points to a satellite photo of the underbelly of the Mother Ship. Once they discover the virus it could be a matter of minutes. Remove the clamps! Technicians move to the large holding clamps on either side of the craft.  With a loud Any other questions? Everyone stares at the floating ship with wonder. I'll see how they're doing with the radio transmitter. We'll meet you there. Steve dashes off as David moves toward the attacker. Constance has been eavesdropping.  She walks to David. We'll be well on our way out of there before we shoot that thing off. David leans under the attacker where a If anything goes wrong I'll have to think quickly, adjust the signal, who knows? David stops, picking up a small trash can labelled \"recycle.\" (smiling) You know how I'm always trying to save the planet.  This is my chance. David rushes off.  Constance watches him leave. Thanks, Pops. I have a confession to make.  I'm not real big on flying. What the hell are you doing? That's it.  Head straight for it. But Steve gets distracted, something wrong with the controls. (thrilled) I was counting on that.  They're bringing us in. Must be thousands of them.  What are they doing? We're in! David starts typing frantically. The virus is in.  All we can do now is pray. Get us out of here! It's not me.  They're overriding the system. The blast shield continues to peel away.  David and Steve drop down below the dash, hiding from view.  As the view becomes unobstructed we Check and mate.  You as well. Steve lights his cigar, then lights David's. (still waving) Not a chance in hell. Page 134/138 Doesn't matter.  Game's over. Did it work?", "MARTY:": "What the hell is the point of having a beeper if you don't turn it on? Started this morning.  Every channel is making like it's nineteen fifty.  Snow, static, all kinds of distortions.  No one knows what the hell is going on. David deposits his bike in the kitchenette as Marty tosses his So sue me. Before David can say anything, Marty ushers him out of the room. Please, would I be this panicked if it was that simple? David examines the readouts, puzzled. We've tried.  It's not working. It's almost as though they weren't even there. David looks up, puzzled. Please, tell me you're getting something. Marty enters, looking over David's shoulder as he eats. What's the bad news? And the good news is you won't charge me. Page 17/138 That's the good news? David slides over to another computer and turns on an intricate computation program. ...and we'll be the only guys in town with a clear picture?  That's my man. (distracted) Huh?  Oh, good, hood. (still glued to Haven't you been watching? David turns for the first time to the television and sees the phenomenon.  Constance comes on addressing the press. (dry; to David) Feel no shame in hiding. Oh shit, I better call my wife. What happened? Babycakes, pack the kids up and take them to your mother's.  Don't ask.  Go. Mary hangs up, crawls out from under the table. Not really... (confused) A countdown to what? Then what?", "MIGUEL:": "Stop it. You're gonna break it.  Just leave it alone.  Here, take your medicine. Miguel sits a small bottle of medicine and a spoon down in front of Troy.  Troy pushes the bottle away. Page 12/138 (pushing it back) Just take it, dick head. (turning to his sister) Alicia!  Make sure he takes his medicine. His sister, Morning, Lucas. Lucas holds a bowl full of rotted vegetables. He had to re-fuel.  There musta been a problem. Troy, stop it!  I swear to God! Stop it, Troy!  I swear to God! Determined, Troy (yelling) Russell!  God damn it, Russell! Looking down from the cockpit, Just what the hell do you think you're doing? It's the wrong field, you idiot! Lucas' farm is on the other side of town. Damn it, he was doing you a favor. You know how hard it is to find someone who doesn't think you're completely crazy? Troy, you remember Uncle Hector, from Tucson? Yeah.  What would you think if we went there to live for a while? Pack up, we're going. Miguel jumps down from the roof.  Troy climbs down the ladder. Come on, we're going. They let you out? We're leaving, don't try and stop us. No, you're not!  You're just the man who married my mother.  You're nothing to me! Page 51/138 For once in your life think about what's best for Troy.  Who has to beg for money to buy him medicine when you screw up?  Who? Suddenly we hear glass You know what this stuff costs? Do you want to get sick again!? Do you!? Frustrated, Miguel shoves Troy aside and heads back into the trailer.  Wobbly from the drinking, Russell stands there pathetically, watching. But I gave you some this morning. I couldn't find anything. Everyone is packing up, they're leaving.  Word is a space ship is heading this way. There's a group heading south, they said there's a hospital just a couple hours away.  I think we should follow them. Russell nods in agreement.  A knock on the door.  Alicia turns to find a handsome young boy, (sarcastic) Need a lift? It's not on the map. How' he doing? Where's Russell? Russell! Miguel races over to the microphone, attempts to grab it. (filtered) Dad!  No! Russell smiles at b being called \"Dad.\"", "TROY:": "It's all fuzzy. I don't need it. He's got that That'd be cool! Miguel thinks for a second, makes a decision. (yelling after him) What about Dad? Stop it!  I'm not a baby!  I don't need your stupid medicine.  I don't need anyone to take care of me! Miguel leans down to see the broken Guys, I don't feel so good. Four days... five? Troy looks really sick.  Miguel is shocked. I didn't take it.  I thought I didn't need it anymore. I'm sorry, Dad. (beat; scared) I'm not goin to die like mom, am", "LUCAS:": "You like these!  I've got a whole goddamned crop full! Unceremoniously, he dumps them at Miguel's feet. We both know what the problem is. He's a damned nut case, is what he is.  I musta been out of my mind. Troy Miguel, if he's not in the air in twenty minutes, that's it.  I'm getting someone else. Lucas storms away.  Again, Troy whacks at the television.", "NIMZIKI:": "What if it doesn't \"pass us by?\" Let's retarget some ICBMs to blow it out of the sky... (to General Grey) Get on the horn with Atlantic Command.  Let's upgrade the situation to I don't think so. Well that's good news. Where are they heading? Like it or not, we're at (turning to aid) Organize a military escort to Crystal Mountain. Mr. President, you can discuss this on the way. Torn, the President grapples with a decision.  Finally... We must maintain a working government in a time of crisis... But, Mr. President... This is crazy.  We're loosing our first strike capabilities! You're leaving now? The President silences him with a look.  As they exit. What the hell's going on? I spoke with the Joint Chief when they arrived at If we don't strike soon, there may not be much of an America left to defend. The Technician returns, his face is white with fear. That's impossible... Mr. President, we must launch.  A delay now would be more costly than when you waited to evacuate the cities! That stings the President.  He considers the option.  David is shocked. (interrupting) Sit down and shut up! Suddenly Moishe is on his feet, interrupting. Uh, excuse me, Mr. President, but that's not entirely accurate. The President and General Grey turn to Nimziki, shocked. Two words, Mr. President. Plausible deniability. General Grey shoots Nimziki a pissed off look.  When the elevator stops, a door It had been deemed classified. Mr. President? Mr. President? (excited) It's a hit! The others are still waiting.  The monitor shows the night vision picture of the growing We got the bastards! General Grey shoots Nimziki a look.  The President holds up a hand, silencing the room. All right, Connie, we're here. What's this all about? We know that already.  What's your point? Page 107/138 And just how do we infect the \"Mother Ship\" with a virus? David gestures to the alien attacker behind him. This is ridiculous. You want us to co-ordinate a massive world wide counter strike with a window of only a few minutes? Please, you're not buying into any of this nonsense, are you?  We don't have the manpower or the resources to launch that kind of a campaign. (gesturing to the alien That thing's a wreck.  It crash landed back in the fifties!  We don't even know if it's capable of flying. David turns to the Technicians. I understand that you're upset over the death of your wife but that's no excuse for making another fatal mistake... The President whirls, grabs Nimziki and He can't do that. I'm not Jewish.", "PRESIDENT WHITMORE": "What's the damage? Pieces? (into phone) Of course, Russia and the United States are in this together.  Yes, Mr. President, you have my word. Yes, Das Vedanya. The President hangs up. I think he was drunk. Patricia bursts through the door and runs into her father's arms, terrified.  A Address the nation.  There are a lot of very frightened people out there right now. My fellow Americans, a historic and unprecedented event has taken place.  The question as to whether or not we are alone in the universe has been answered... (filtered) ...My staff and I are remaining here at the White House while we attempt to establish communication... Hanging up the phone, David sprints for the exit. (filtered through phone) I want you out of there. Okay, fine but the second your interviews are done, I have a helicopter ready to take you to Nellis Air Force... She's glued to the What the hell are they up to?", "RUSSELL:": "(climbing down) I'm bringing home the bacon. Earning my keep.  And doing a fine job if I do say so myself. You sure? Not today, guys.  Okay. Russell gets up and heads for the door. They've got to do something. I was abducted by space aliens ten Page 42/138 Just what the hell do you think you're doing? Miguel moves to meet Russell away from the trailer, not wanting the others to hear. You're not going anywhere.  You hear me?  I'm still your father. Miguel explodes, this has been building up for some time. Troy's still my son no matter how you feel about me. When was the last time you had your medicine? You know, you're just like your mother.  She was stubborn too.  I had to twist her arm to get her to take her medicine. We should leave too. Excuse me Doctor... My boy is very sick, he needs immediate attention. Okun ignores Russell, hitting the elevator switch on the wall, the room begins its hydraulic My boys is slipping into a diabetic coma.  If you don't do something about it right now he will die. Miguel is surprised and proud of Russell as he holds Just fell asleep.  He's gonna be just fine.  Join me in a little celebration? Russell holds up his bottle of Jack Daniels.  Clearly he's been drinking again.  Miguel is crestfallen.  Pissed he turns and storms out. Miguel.  Don't be mad.  Miguel! Drunkenly, Russell chases after him. (slurred) I can fly, I mean, I'm a pilot. The officer just stares at the bottle of Jack Daniels still in his hand. You don't understand.  I've gotta be part of this.  This is important to me.  They ruined my life. (into mic) It's okay, Sir.  I'm packin'. We (filtered) Just keep those guys off me for a few more seconds. Hearing his voice, Miguel is shocked.  He moves closer towards the monitors. (filtered) Do me one favor... (filtered) ...tell my children I love them very much. I've got to, kid.  You were always better at taking care of them than I was anyways. Russell turns off his radio as he banks", "(MORE)": "What are we supposed to do now? Huh?  Where are we supposed to go now? Pissed, Miguel peels away, kicking gravel back at Russell. Pathetically, he reaches into his jacket and pulls out a bottle of Jack Daniels.  He takes a healthy swig.", "LIEUTENANT:": "Ensign, status? Have a complete diagnostic run... Get the", "OFFICER:": "Sir, we now have visual range with incoming over Iraqi airspace. Yes Sir, this just came in from the Eisenhower. The Commanding Officer grabs a phone laying off the hook. It's gone, sir.  They've taken out (through megaphone) ...We're planning to launch a counter offensive... Page 114/138 Sorry, sir. Russell gets into his face, desperate. Why don't you go somewhere and sleep it off. The Officers move on, taking a few volunteers with them. Russell watches them go, dejected.  Angrily, he throws the bottle of Jack, We're running out of missiles, Sir.  We're just not causing enough damage.", "PRESIDENT:": "Put it on. Constance moves over to a cabinet and turns on the Can we expect the same kid of panic here as in Russia? I'm not leaving. So far these things have not become hostile.  For the moment let's assume they won't. (to Constance) Connie, let's issue statements advising people not to panic, to I had a feeling you would. Then God help us. Where are we? He used to run the What the hell's he doing here? Moishe, bursting, steps forward. I don't have time for this... With a General Grey, co-ordinate with Atlantic Command.  Tell them they have twenty five minutes to get as many people out of the cities as they can. And get those helicopters away from the ship.  Call them back immediately. General Grey obeys, turning to an assistant who quickly grabs a phone.  Nimziki steps up to the President. Page 57/138 We're leaving. An They're okay.  Let them on! Is my wife in the air? I could have evacuated the cities hours ago. (beat) You know, when I flew in the Gulf War everything is simple.  We knew what we had to do.  It's not Any news on my wife? Where are they? Then get them out of there. Suddenly one of the large radar display maps Above American soil? Sir, there wasn't much more we could have done.  We were totally unprepared for this. Regardless of what the tabloids have said, there were never any space crafts recovered by the government.  Take my word for it, there is no Area 51 and no recovered space ship. I don't understand.  Where did all this come from?  How did this get funded? (uncomfortable) Yes. We've had this for forty years and you don't know anything about them? (exploding) People are dying out there.  I don't think \"exciting\" is the word Page 84/138 (calming) What can you tell us about the enemy we're facing? Can they be killed? You unlocked a part of that technology.  You cracked their code. Show them what you've discovered. Work together.  We've got to find a way to beat them. Atlanta, Chicago and Philadelphia, destroyed? And our forces? We're being exterminated. The room is quiet.  Constance runs her fingers through her hair.  The door to the room opens and Lt. Mitchell enters with Steve. Lieutenant, congratulations. Where is the prisoner now? I'd like to see him. Why did you people come here? Where do your people come from? (no answer) Where is your home? And before here? Can we negotiate a truce?  is there room for co-existance? (no answer) Can there be peace between us? What do you want us to do? He wanted me to understand.  He communicated with me. (turning to Grey) They're like locusts.  They travel from planet to planet, their whole civilization.  After they've (cold) Prepare a nuclear strike. Who will we reach first? Oh my God, Houston. (softly) Deploy. (to himself) May our children forgive us. Can they see it?  Did it destroy the target? Call them back. I said call them back. As the technicians call the bombers away, the President sinks into a depression.  His last hope of survival gone. Honey, why don't you wait outside so Mommy can get some rest. Patricia kisses her mother, says goodbye and leaves.  Out of sight, Margaret winces, fading away.  The President grabs her hand for support.  She squeezes tightly. It's okay.  The doctors said you're going to be just fine. Margaret smiles at the man she knows all too well. Page 104/138 I just wanted to thank you. You're a very brave woman. Across the hall, Patricia sits in a chair, waiting.  Whitmore walks over to her and kneels down next to his small child. Yes, baby.  Mommy's sleeping. Let's do it. The only mistake I made was appointing a sniveling little weasel like you Chief of Staff. Constance is about to intervene when General Grey stops her. How're we doing? And our troops here? But what, General? Then find them. Good morning.  In less than one hour planes from here and all around the world will launch the largest aerial battle in the history of mankind... (beat) I'm a pilot, Will.  This is where I belong. General Grey wants to argue but can't. Grey, you read me? We have visual. Roger. Roger. Roger. The fighter jets Come on, baby. Not yet! Below his plane another We're going in!  Squadron leaders, take point. The fighters break off into six group of five.  One by one, each fighter I've got an idea.  Keep 'em off my tail. Taking the advice, the President Let's take 'em out before they take us out. The President locks the I'm out of missiles!  Eagle 2? Doesn't anyone have any damned missiles left?! (filtered) Who is that?  What are you doing? We're getting reports from all over.  Their ships are going down! As they begin to celebrate, they look up to the sky.", "NEWSCASTER:": "(filtered) ...sightings of this atmospheric phenomenon have been reported here in Novosibirsk, Russia and other parts of Siberia.  Moving too slowly to be a comet or meteor, (filtered) ...the helicopters are making their final approach... On the middle monitor, through the night vision camera on the lead helicopter we", "PILOT:": "Negative.  We still have zero visibility. Page 22/138 (filtered) Instrumentation is malfunctioning. We can't get any kind of reading on what's in front of us. Wait a minute, it may be clearing. Suddenly the clouds part before us and we're face to face with a (filtered) Jesus God!  The sky's on fire! Echo one, we are closing in. We have laser targeting locked. She's away.", "AAC CINC:": "Less than ten minutes.", "FEMALE CO-WORKER": "(stopping in doorway) David, are you watching this? Page 25/138", "HOUSEWIFE:": "Dylan, tell your mom you can stay overnight again Thursday. Suddenly a car", "DYLAN:": "Mommy, look at! He rushes away.  The (holding his gun) Shooting aliens. Steve musses up the boy's hair, smiling. Cool. Steve tosses his gear into the back, opens his door. Mommmmmm... Mommy, what happened? It's too tight.", "JASMINE:": " Not even a four pointer.  Go back to sleep. Shrugging, the man does. He's trying to impress you. Dylan out there? Steve turns, looking for Dylan when the doggie door pops open and Dylan crawls through. (entering) Coffee? Steve mumbles an affirmative as he exits. You can't go.  Call them back. You said you were on leave for the Fourth. Why?  That's why.  That thing scares the piss out of me. Wait.  I have to tell you something. (loses her nerve) Be careful. Really?  You don't mind? You know, you're not as charming as you think you are. Dick-weed! I'll take these. I can't believe I even came in tonight.  What was I thinking? You're not thinking of joining those idiots? Tiffany, I don't want you to go up there.  Promise me you won't. (Tiffany pouts) Promise! Okay.  I'm gone.  I'm outta town for a while. Her boss You try to find a sitter today. (out the door) Nice working with you, Mario. Now he tells me. Boomer, come.  Come boy! Boomer (astonished) I don't know, badly. Hop on.  We're heading out to El Toro. Give me a hand. Teddy joins Jasmine as they pry open the door.  Inside, the pilots have been killed, but Mrs. Whitmore, Let's get her out of here. They erase her from the wreckage, laying her on the ground.  Dylan comes over, standing next to his mother. Hey, you're welcome to come with us.  We're leaving here anyway... This \"bitch\" was born in Alabama with a Daddy who loved to hunt. (cocking the weapon) So don't think for one second that I don't know how to use this. She These should last us a while. As Margaret tries to move, she winces in pain.  Jasmine rushes to her aid.  The color from her face drained, Margaret looks like she's taking a turn for the worse. Don't move.  Stay still. Jasmine adjusts the bandages as Margaret turns and see Dylan curled up next to Boomer, too adorable.  Slowly he starts to wake up. He wasn't his father.  I was kinda hoping he'd want the job, though. Jasmine becomes sad, remembering.  Margaret changes the subject. I'm a dancer. (laughs) No.  Exotic. Don't be.  I'm not.  It's good money. Funny, it used to scare me when I thought about the future. (looking around) Guess it doesn't really matter anymore. Dylan comes walking over. Dylan, come here.  I want you to meet the First Lady. You're late. I'm so sorry. I had to borrow it.  I guess that's good enough. Jasmine stands, turns to Dylan. How do I look? She looks great.  But Dylan only gives her the \"so-so\" hand gesture. You're late. I know, you like to make a big entrance. Steve moves next to Jasmine, takes her hand. Sorry for what? (to General Grey) Any word from Steve? Behind her, Constance rushes over, the same thing on her mind. Before he can answer they You scared the hell out of me. Dick-weed.", "(re:": "It's too early, baby. She turns back over.  Suddenly the room briefly Isn't this cool?  And you thought I was nuts.  Oh, look, I brought mine with me. Tiffany holds up a drawing of a space alien. 'Side, he's worth it. The bandages changed, Jasmine sits down next to Margaret. Funny, I always thought things like these would kill me. They share a quick sober laugh.", "MAN:": "Earthquake?", "STEVE:": "He's doing a good job. He pats the dog on the head and takes the shoes.  Steven gets up and makes his way to the bathroom. Neighbors are moving.  I think they're tired of earthquakes. He finished and flushes. Hon, something's on the table 'bout the quake. Jasmine sits up in bed, yelling out to Steve. What have you been up to, Sport? Baby, you know how it is.  I have to report to El Toro right away. They cancelled it.  Why are you acting like this? Jasmine grabs the blinds and yanks them away.  We Here.  I got these for you.  Be careful with them. Dylan opens the bag; fireworks.  Jasmine walks over. What? Look, after your shift tonight, why don't you grab Dylan and come stay with me on base. (smiling) Naw.  I'll just tell my other girlfriends they can't come over tonight. Pissed, she hits him.  He loves it. Page 39/138 Yes, I am. Butt-munch. They kiss.  Steve hops into his car and peels out.  Jasmine takes the bag from Dylan. Ah, were you guys waiting for me? Several Marines throws towels at Steve as he makes his way to his locker.  His best friend, Well, the mail's still working. He flips through the envelops and How to kiss ass. Steve crumples at the letter and tosses it.  Angrily he opens his locker.  Pasted on the locker door we see photos of Jasmine next to the photos of the space shuttle, Apollo Missions, and a I thought you said you were doing to break it off. Steve snatches it back, embarrassed. (whispered) You won't exactly need radar to find it. Jimmy chuckles.  Watson is annoyed. Sorry, Sir.  Just real anxious to kick some alien ass. Everyone chuckles, including Captain Watson. (into radio) Jimmy crack corn, do you have victory dance? (filtered) Don't get premature on me, Jimmy. We don't light up 'til the Fat Lady sings. I shouldn't have left her. Let's lock and load. Damn it! Command, Eagle One.  Switching to \"sidewinders.\"  We're moving in. They must have some kind of protective shield surrounding their hull.  Pull up. Most of the fighters do, but one is too late and (filtered) Evasive maneuvers!  Check Six! Just moving away in time, our Fighters barely dodge the oncoming enemy Attackers as they Jimmy, roll right.  I'll cover. Jimmy's fighter narrowly rolls away from the tracer fire as Steve fires another Sidewinder, momentarily distracting the Attacker. Jimmy falls in line with Steve as the attackers turn on them. Both fighters jerk downwards at a ninety degree angle at Maybe we can out run them.  Follow my lead. Jimmy and Steve bank away from the craft, hit the supercruise, Jimmy, kick it!  They're gaining. So push it! Readouts show the planes flying beyond measurement. Jimmy, stay with me. Jimmy slowly loses consciousness.  His fighter slows, drifting off to the right.  No!!!! Steve's Attacker stays right with him, slowly gaining.  Steve kicks his harder, keeping the distance. (to himself) Okay, jerk-off.  Let's have some fun. The Attacker recovers, dives after Steve who flies dangerously Page 72/138 Damn it! Steve turns down a dead and side canyon.  The Attacker is right on his tail. Let's see if you're fully equipped. The Fighter is on a collision course with the end of the canyon wall.  Suddenly Steve yanks his Now that's a close encounter. When I flew overhead, I saw some kind of base, not far. Confused, Miguel checks his map. Trust me, it's there. You want to see my clearance? Impatiently Steve grabs the Guard by the collar, pulling him Page 86/138 Thank you, sir. I'm just going to borrow it. The Soldier pulls out his pistol, taking aim. You really want to shoot me? Steve stares the Soldier down.  Reluctantly he lowers his gun. You know how I like to make a big entrance. They kiss. It certainly does. When the President enters a technician rushes over and knocks on the hatch door on the alien attacker.  The door swings open and David climbs down. Grabbing a coke can from the \"recycle\" trash bin, David places the empty can on top of the alien attacker.  David turns and I've seen them in action.  I've watched their maneuvers.  With your permission, sir, I'd like the opportunity to try. It's just like an (checking his watch) Oh shit, we're late. You know me... Before we do this, I want you to know I'm sorry. (serious) I should have done this a long long time ago. You bet. Steve pulls out the famous \"dolphin\" ring. When I'm back we'll light those fireworks. Jasmine hugs them both as Moishe walks over to David. Damn it.  We can't go yet.  I gotta find some cigars. Steve is about to bolt when Moishe grabs him, retrieving two Page 120/138 You're a lifesaver. Steve grabs them and climbs inside.  David smiles awkwardly, then follows Steve. Hang on to this.  For our victory dance.  But not 'til we hear the fat lady sing. Reluctantly David takes it.  As he does Steve notices the \"barf bag\" on David's lap.  Off Steve's look... Great. You ready?  Let' rock and roll. Steve pulls back on the throttle but the attacker swings Oops. Like a stick shift diagram of a car, a small hand written \"post it\" card is pasted onto the dash.  Steve reaches over and turns it upside down, righting the problem. Let's try that again. This time he pushes the throttle forward and the Attacker Just getting a feel for her. You still with me? David nods sheepishly.  Steve's eyes go wide with wonder as the ship climbs to the edge of our atmosphere. (to himself) I've waited a long time for this. The ship begins to Looks like they're preparing the invasion. This won't work.  They'll see before we can do anything. Lifting up another hand written card labeled \"window,\" David pushes the button underneath. I can't shake her free. What're you doing? Damn! David leans from his hiding position and I guess there's nothing left to do.  Let's nuke 'em. David realizes they're both about to die.  He stares at the cigar. Nice meeting you. Ready? Think they know what's coming? He reaches down to the black box we saw before and enters the launch code. We're loose! I don't hear no fat lady. Steve Yeah, but what an entrance! Butt-munch. Constance comes running up to David, hugs him tightly. Didn't I promise you fireworks? Everyone stares in wonder at the beautiful lights.", "JASMINE (O.S.)": "You want milk with your coffee? Jasmine appears behind him, her view, too, obscured by the open newspaper.  Suddenly another", "WOLF BLITZER:": "Pentagon officials are reporting more ships have just arrived over the capitals of India, England and Germany. As he speaks we get quick glimpses of the other ships.", "MARTY (O.S.)": "I know, babycakes.  Calm down. David spins around at the sound of the voice but the room is still empty.  David leans down and looks under a desk where he finds Marty still on the phone with his wife.", "BLITZER:": "...there are additional unconfirmed sightings over Japan, the Mediterranean, and China...", "PRESS AIDE:": "He says he's your husband. Her expression drops.  She takes the phone from her.", "REPORTER:": "(filtered) ...a local crop duster was arrested today attempting to land at Edwards Air Force Base... On the", "TROY (O.S.)": "Just as Troy starts to climb up, Miguel changes the channel to Mrs. Whitmore.  Troy sits down next to Miguel.", "MRS. WHITMORE": "(filtered) ...we need to remain calm.  As more people decide to leave the cities, safety is key...", "OLDER BOY:": "This could be our last night on Earth.  You don't want to die a virgin, do you? Page 43/138", "ALICIA:": "What makes you think I'm a virgin? The Older Boy is taken off guard.  Before he can answer the tarp they were hiding under is ripped away.  Miguel stands there. I'm not going anywhere... Miguel grabs her by the wrist and pulls her away. You're going to be fine. Miguel comes rushing in, pulls Russell aside. It's really nice of you to help us. Page 75/138 (too eager) We're going with you.  I mean, we're going too. This could be our last night on Earth.  I don't want to die a virgin.", "NEWSCASTERS:": "(filtered) ...from the \"it could only happen Page 45/138", "TIFFANY:": " I'm going over there soon as I'm off.  Wanna come? Jasmine turns to Tiffany, dead serious. I promise. (awed) It's beautiful. She digs her drawing of an alien out of her purse as she Page 58/138", "MARIO:": "What the hell's your kid doing here? Jasmine rushes past picking up Dylan and carrying him away as she heads for the exit.  Boomer follows. Where do you think you're going? You leave, you're fired.", "BEEPS.": "", ":": "", "JIMMY:": "Can you believe it?  This is serious shit, Stevie.  They've recalled everyone! As Steve sits he Junk mail.  You don't want this. Steve quickly snatches it back, right it open and reads.  From the disappointment on his face we can tell it's bad news. Realizing, Jimmy puts a hand on Steve's shoulder. (embarrassed) Jasmine has this thing for dolphins.  I had them make it... (into radio) That is an affirmative.  I have victory dance. Mmmmmmm. I hear you. (filtered) Don't worry, big guy.  I'm sure she got out of here before it happened. Steve nods absently. (filtered) I didn't even see them fire! (filtered) Got you covered, Stevie. Jimmy Shit!  They've got shield too. We're already over Mach 2! Stevie... I can't...", "CNN REPORTER:": "What you see behind me are four Apache helicopters... (filtered through", "GENERAL GRAY:": "They're in the air.", "APACHE HELICOPTERS": "", "ALEX:": "Excuse me, Mr. President.  They're starting. The President turns to the monitor in his office.  We", "AIDE:": "They're responding. The room goes silent, everyone turns to the monitors.", "SECRET SERVICEMAN": "Mrs. Whitmore?  The President has ordered the evacuation.  We have to leave, now. She slams her valise (yelling over helicopter) Mrs. Whitmore! Reluctantly, the First Lady turns and runs for the helicopter. The door is shut and the helicopter takes off.", "POLICE HELICOPTER": " From out of nowhere the helicopter", "POLICE (P.A.)": "...we are evacuating the city. Please leave the building at once. The sign holders begin to \"boo\" the police, ignoring them.", "RADIO VOICE:": "...authorities have called for a complete evacuation of Los Angeles County.  People are advised to avoid the highways whenever possible.", "BELIEVERS:": "Take me!  No, take me!  Take me! Slowly, this beam of light from the base of the ship", "which reads:": "", "THE PENTAGON:": "Washed under the", "RADIO NEWSMAN:": "(filtered) ...My God.  It's destroying everything in its path. Widening... Suddenly the radio", "SLOW DISSOLVE:": "", "RADIO:": "(filtered) ...reports are unclear as to the extent of the devastation, but from all accounts, Los Angeles, Washington and New York have been left in ruins...", "WATSON:": "You will be the first wave in our counter attack.  Though surveillance satellite reconnaissance has been impaired, we have a fix on our primary target. You want to add something to this briefing, Lt. Hill? Steve smiles confidently. Friendly?", "ENGINE BLAST:": "The heat waves momentarily obscure our view as the F/A-18s take to the air.", "TECHNICIAN:": "Los Angeles attack squadron has They must be targeting our satellites.  We've lost all satellite communication, tracking and mapping. It's the strongest", "STEVE'S GROUP": "The first attack group, Steve's, are the first to near the colossal alien craft. Simultaneously they drop their", "ALIEN ATTACKER:": "The Sidewinder overtakes the attacker as Steve", "STEVE'S FIGHTER": "Banks back around to get a shot.  Just as he turns, three American Fighters are", "ALIEN ATTACKERS:": "gain on them.  One catches up with Jimmy's fighter and", "JIMMY'S FIGHTER": "Laser-tracers", "OPERATOR:": "We have incoming. I don't think so. Watson hits an alarm which", "FIREBALL.": "", "SEAT.": "Stave", "AN ALIEN:": "For the first time we get a quick glance at these aliens, an odd hybrid creature with fluctuating skeletal structure. Page 73/138", "I?": "", "PHILIP:": "Penicillin.  At least it will help keep his fever down. I wish I could do more but we're moving out. Cool. Alicia nods, smitten.  Philip smiles charmingly and leaves. Let me get that. He grabs the bag for her.  Alicia smiles.  Miguel helps Troy down from the trailer.  As they rush away, Miguel turns to Philip. If we do, we'll both die virgins. But at last we'll be together. Alicia smiles, a nice guy at last.", "NORAD.": "", "TALL MAN:": "The end has come!  He speaketh his word and the end hast come! Jasmine pulls up along side him. Page 79/138 You cannot defy what has come, it is the end! The tall man moves off, screaming to the heavens.  As Jasmine watches him drift away she You cannot go against the word, brother.", "TEDDY:": "She's bleeding pretty bad. Suddenly we", "REDNECK:": "(yelling to pals) Looks like I've solved our transportation problem. Back off.  This ain't your business. As the Redneck is distracted, Jasmine spots the bag of fireworks protruding out of Dylan's back pocket. Sure I can. The Redneck", "MITCHELL:": "Mr. President, I'd like to introduce you to Dr. Okun.  He's been heading up our research here for the last fifteen years. Dr. Okun is an odd, hyper-energetic man who's spent too much time in isolation. Mr. President, this is Lt. Colonel Steven Hill. The President quickly gets to his feet, anxiously shaking Steve's hand. We have him in isolation.  The doctors are very hopeful he will survive. Yes, sir. The General is concerned but the President is determined. They head for the door. Open the door.  Get him out of there. Suspicious, General Grey stops him. No sir. The General draws his pistol.  Mitchell and the other military officers follow his lead.  Simultaneously they all begin to Page 97/138 What? We've hid the launcher in the ship's manifold. Mitchell takes a small black box from a table near by. Exactly.  Use it the same way. Only the nuke won't detonate on impact.  You'll have another thirty seconds to get as far away as you can. The entire compound is buried deep within the mountain.  It should give us some protection. He's uploading the virus.", "OKUN:": "Mr. President, a real pleasure. They don't let us out much, you you. She's a beaut, ain't she? Moishe leans close to David and Constance. Hell no, we know tons about them. The nearest stuff has only happened in the last few days. The President slowly walks around the ship as Okun talks. David, mouth agape, just stares at it. Not all too dissimilar to us. Breathes oxygen, comparable tolerances to heat, cold...probably why they're interested in our planet. (suddenly excited) This is vault, or as some of us have come to call it, the \"freak show.\" Okun hits a switch and the sealed partition lifts revealing... When we found them they were wearing bio-mechanical suits. Once we got them off, we were able to learn a great deal about their anatomy; eyes, ears, bipolar digestive system... no vocal cords Some kind of extra sensory perception.  Telepathy. These three died in the crash. Their bodies are as frail as our own.  You just have to get past their technology, which is, I'm sorry to say, far more advanced. The President turns to David. See the gizmos flashing? Find something interesting? You know, you're really starting to make us look bad. The two men exchange a smile.  Another How long has it been unconscious? Get him into containment, stat. He's dying out.  I want him sprayed down with saline. Russell Everyone ready? The doctors exchange nervous glances, nod to each other.  At the same moment all they pull on the clamps, unraveling the interlocked cords.  As the cords unravel, we Do we have life support monitors recording? Can we get some ventilation in here?  I can't take this smell. Yeah.  It's just that stink gives me a headache. Page 94/138", "GUARD:": "Sorry, Lt. Colonel, I can't open the gates without clearance.", "BLACKNESS:": "Total darkness.  Suddenly light pours in as a door is open. We see the faces of Okun, David and three technicians all peering at us with inquisitive expressions.", "TECHY:": "(out of breath) They got one!  They got one, alive!", "DR. ISAACS": "O'Haver, Miller, come with me. (to Russell) Take us to him.", "JASMINE :": "He's my angel.", "THE ALIEN:": "Beneath the cords lay the unconscious face of the alien, his skin translucent, his body fluids, capillaries, muscle tissue, alien's skin. Suddenly", "OKUN/ALIEN": "Release...me. Will kill...release me.  Now! They follow the tentacles with their eyes, up to the ceiling Page 95/138 Here...now. Many worlds... Peace?  No peace. Die. The Alien moves closer to the glass staring at the President. Suddenly the President clutches his head in pain. We kill you...all. The pain becomes more severe and the President", "SOLIDER:": "(yelling) What the hell are you doing?  Get out of there! No you're not, sir.", "SOLDIER:": "Shit.  I'm gonna catch the hell for this. Steve smiles and gives him a quick salute then", "STAFFER:": "He's dead. General Grey moves to the President who slowly recovers.", "STEALTH BOMBER.": "As we", "COMMANDER:": "Houston, Texas.  Intercept", "TANK COMMANDER:": "Negative.  Target remains.", "TRANSPORT HELICOPTER": "The Transport Helicopter touches down and Steve leaps out, racing towards Jasmine.  Overwhelmed, Jasmine jumps into his arms.", "ISAACS:": "I'm sorry, Mr. President.  If only we could have gotten to her sooner. The President puts his daughter down as he sees... She's bleeding internally. There's nothing else we can do. Stunned, the President watches as Patricia hugs her mother.", "FADE OUT:": "A", "STEVE (O.S.)": "I wouldn't say that, sir. Everyone turns to Steve who steps through the crowd.", "REGINALD:": "What the hell's he saying? I still get believe this. How do you think the Israelis feel? Sure enough a campsite of It's about bloody time.  What do they plan to do?", "THOMSON:": "(explaining) Seems they're getting a signal. One Morse code. The Iraqis don't appear altogether too pleased with this arrangement. It's from the Americans.  They want to organize a counter offensive. Page 112/138", "IRAQI PILOTS.": "", "JAPANESE PILOT:": "(subtitled) The attack begins in thirteen hours.", "GENERALE GREY:": "We've been collecting planes from all over but...", "CHAPLAIN:": "Witnesses? Just then the doors open and David and Constance enter taking seats on opposing sides of the aisle. Then let's get this show on the road. Steve and Jasmine take their places at the altar.  Jasmine is radiant.  Dylan rushes up and joins them. As the ceremony begins, David and Constance share a pregnant Page 118/138", "BACKWARDS.": "", "UPLOAD COMPLETE.": "", "DARTS OFF.": "", "CHEERS.": "", "TIGHT.": "", "RUSSELL (O.S.)": "Sorry I'm late, Mr. President. The President spins and", "EARTH.": "", "DARTS DOWN.": "Just over the heads of the cheering crowds, Steve and David's ship"}, "jaws-1975.pdf": {"OVER BLACK": "Sounds of the innerspaces rushing forward.Then a splinter of blue light in the center of the picture.It breaks wide, showing the top and bottom a silhouetted curtain of razor sharp teeth suggesting that we are inside of a tremendous gullet, looking out at the onrushing undersea world at night.", "CUT TO:": "  ", "TOM": "Makes a clumsy attempt at snaring Chrissie, cups her from behind. She squirms playfully out of his grasp. We discover he's not especially sober.", "CHRISSIE": "C'mon! She runs headlong into the inviting sea, plunges cleanly into the water with a light \"Whoops!\" as the cold water sweeps over her. Behind all this, we continue to hear the sentimental, beery chorus of alma maters. Then we see it -- a gentle bulge in the water, a ripple that", "CHRISSIE (CONT\u2019D)": "Tommy? Don't dunk me... She looks around for him, finds him still on the beach, his feet tangled in his pants, which have dropped around his ankles. She starts to swim back in to him.", "BRODY": "How come the sun didn't used to shine in here? Right. Probably out in the back yard. The kids are in the yahd, playing near the cah. How's that sound? Give me 30 years, I'll get it. He leads the dogs out of the bedroom and down to the kitchen. Did you burn another kettle? Y'know you're a fire hazard? This is the third one! Feed the dogs. Ellen Brody, a tall, attractive blonde woman, enters from upstairs. She's still slightly sleepy, not what you'd call an \"Instant-On\" person. Mornings are not her best time. (looking through bag, remembering) I used to wear this to the Garden. Garbage strikes. Dog shit. Muggers. (he puts it all behind) Ship it.4. On the swing? I told you not to play near there until I sanded it down. (to Ellen) See what your son did? Oh, yeah. (he puts them on) How do I look? Older, huh? Sexy, hm? What was I before? (as he goes to make coffee, he fumbles with the new glasses) I don't want to depend on these things, y'know -\u201a sometimes you can weaken your eyes.5. Let's see... The phone rings. Brody... yeah, what's up... mmm... Well, what do they usually do, float or wash up? Really?... okay, I'll meet both of you at the beach in (checks watch) ...20 minutes, okay? Okay. (hangs up) First goddamn weekend of the summer. (struggling to get his shirt on over his glasses) The office. He gets his shirt on with Ellen's help. She flicks imaginary dust from the badge on his chest. Here? You gotta be kiddin'. He gives her a light kiss, starts to go, with his cup. Christine what? You picked her up on the ferry. And nobody else saw her in the water? Think she might've run out on you? You from around here? You here for the summer? (genuinely curious) What d'you pay for a place just for the summer? Pretty stiff. A shrill whistle makes them turn. Hendricks is fifty yards away, on his knees. He blows again, a feeble report this time. If this is going to work, you've got to keep current stuff out here, and put 'closed' files in there. The 'Pendings' stay on my desk, okay? Brody slips behind his typewriter, putting paper in the machine with the effortless ease of years of practice. He's obviously no stranger to paperwork. He touch types, hardly ever looking down, checking his notes and listening with one ear to Polly. He is affected by what he's seen, but there's work to be done. Jesus, Santos. leans forward, staring at what he just wrote. Polly cocks her head and removes the phone from his ear. Polly, I want to know what water recreation is on for today. (To Hendricks) Where'd you hide the 'Beach Closed' signs? Call me later in the day, okay, Harry? (hands him the sign material) Get out of there \u201a take these back to the office and make up some 'Beach Closed' signs, and let Polly do the printing. Do I need any more authority? Now tell me something I don't know. So we should set out a smorgasbord? What else could've done that? (interrupting the merriment) Doctor, you're the one who told me what it was! I was only reacting to what I was told. Brody looks out to the water where the scouts are rounding another buoy on the home stretch. I can't work in a vacuum. Why don't you make Hendricks Chief? His family's been here since the Puritans -- half this island are his cousins. (to Taft) What? (to Keisel) How's the water? Ow. (he sees something) He's gotta be more careful in the water... Michael! Sean! Out of the water. Everybody out of the water! Michael! Get out! His urgency communicates itself to the others. Ellen snatches Sean up from where he's been playing in the sand. Other parents are calling their kids, hysteria mounting. People rush into the water, dragging their children and families bodily out of the ocean. The first kids coming out of the surf are frantically trying to wash the sticky blood off their bodies. The sight of the red sends the beach into a full panic. I'm responsible for public safety around here... I'll get to that in a minute. First, I plan to start our seasonal summer help early, and to use shark spotters on beaches open to the sea. I'd like cooperation from local fishermen, and I've also contacted the Oceanographic Institute over on the mainland. Larry and I have also decided to close the beaches for a short time. Pandemonium. A collective nerve has been touched. I didn't agree to that! his reading glasses reflecting a stack of twelve library books, all on the subject of sharks and shark attacks. The door opens and Ellen enters, quietly, in respect for Brody's mood. Where is he? Son! -- Out of the water now! (turning to Ellen) I want him out of the ocean. (angry now) Michael! Come inside! I told him not to go out until he memorized the handbook and the safety safety regulations, until he was sure of himself... Ellen's eyes drift down to the open book, which is displaying a reproduction of the famous painting \"The Gulf Stream,\" showing a black fisherman in a small dinghy similar to Michael's being assaulted by the jaws of three man-eating sharks, circling his boat. That wasn't funny. Some of the locals greet Hendricks with occasional nods of recognition, or an ad libbed \"Hi, Lenny,\" or \"Hey, Lenny.\" Looks more like the readers of the National Enquirer. Hey! You know how many men that's supposed to hold? What you got ain't safe. You take some guys off or you don't go out. Just back up! No, the other way! Cut it to your left! Your other left! The big boat, your front end is out way too far. Little boat, stay still! Amidst all this, we can hear the angry shouts of the entangled crews. Thanks. Brody starts back towards the shore, Hooper is by his side. If that's dynamite, give it here, or don't leave port. Hand it over. The man passes Brody a cigar box filled with dynamite sticks. Brody tucks the dynamite under his arm, and continues down the pier. Hooper is still with him. All around them are two distinctly different breeds; the quiet pros, like Ben Gardner, in well-worn, comfortable clothes, with efficient, sensible gear, and the amateur crazies, with all manner of weapons and impractical, silly tourist clothing. You're tellin' me. I swear, this town has gone crazy. Who are you? Let's show Mr. Hooper our accident. With a shrug, the Coroner slides open the drawer. No, it was local jurisdiction. No, we just checked the beach... (crossing to men around shark) You did it! Did Ben Gardner catch this? Men ad lib \"No, I caught it...\" Larry, if you'd see these clowns leave, you'd never believe they'd come back with anything. But they got him! Sure he is. Matt Hooper, the specialist they send down from the Oceanographic Institute. What d'ya mean? (almost to himself) She's right. I'm going home. He turns and leaves abruptly, surrendering the dock to Vaughn and Hooper, who eye each other with mutual dis-admiration. C'mere and give Daddy a kiss. Because he needs it. Sean gives Daddy the kiss. Brody shoos him and Michael off to bed. Ellen, who is feeling progressively more left out with each passing moment, gets up abruptly and clears a few dishes. Brody is not letting her into his world for the moment, and it shows. There's a knock at the door. How come you have to tell them that? Let's all have a drink. He extends the bottle to Hooper, who politely accepts a token sip. He takes some for himself, and offers some to Ellen. Drowning. Lemme ask you something. Is it true most attacks take place in three feet of water, around 10 feet from the beach? Something else. Do most attacks go unreported? There's a kind of a lone shark, called, uh... And before 1900, when people first starting swimming for recreation, before public bathing and resorts, there were very few shark attacks, cause sharks didn't know what they were missing? Why don't we have one more drink, you and I am Chief of Police. I can do anything I want. (to Hooper) You want to come? What stinks so bad? What's that? What? What?! How can you tell? He ate a car? What do we do? Chum? What is all this stuff? Can you tell from that if a big man- eater is around? Where'd you get all this? You're at the Institute full time? Or do you have a job? We gotta get back soon... Hey! Hooper looks up and cuts the wheel hard, as the same time dropping the engines into neutral, and then reverse. The sudden change throws Brody to his knees. That's Ben Gardner's boat! It's the Flicka! Ben? Ben! Hooper cuts his engines and drifts in; he scampers out to the bow of his boat and makes a line fast to the Flicka. What happened? Don't they have lifejackets or something? An extra boat? Why don't we just tow it in? Be careful, for chrissake. Hooper takes a last few breaths, orients himself, takes a long, hard look at the quiet, open ocean, and falls into the sea. You all right? No shark did that to a boat! Hooper, despite his shock and surprise, is strangely elated, almost giddy with the wonder of his discovery. There is a kind of shark called a Great White Shark that every expert in the world agrees is a maneater. There's no limits to where he can strike, and we've had three attacks and two deaths in the past few days. It happened like this before, in when a Great White killed five swimmers at Jones Beach, in Long Island. We towed Ben Gardner's boat in, Larry; he was dead and his boat was all chewed up. He lost it on the way up. We have got to close the beaches. We have got to get someone to kill the shark, we need non-corrosive mesh netting, we need scientific support... It's gonna cost money just to keep the nuts out and save what we have. That means closing the beaches. Wait a minute! I need you. What is this? I signed on the wrong line... I want to thank you guys from local agencies for cooperating, and I hope we won't actually be needing your services. But I'm glad to have you here. The Men ad lib (a last caution) We're all on one channel, so let's keep radio traffic to a minimum, okay? Everyone kind of nods acknowledgment. I wish it would rain... I'm sorry, I just don't have the time. Hey Mikey -- ! Michael turns as Brody trots toward him. Do me this favor just once. Use the ponds. Just a favor for your old man. No whistles! No whistles! (feeling his face) He's in shock. Get blankets! People gather and Brody snatches beach towels out of their hands. They cover Michael and carry him off the beach, feet raised above his head. (sees Vaughn) Here -- (gives baby to Ellen) Take him home. There's only one thing you're good for anymore -- signing a damn voucher. Here. It's an authorization to employ a contractor. (interrupting) I'm going to hire Quint to kill the fish. I want to see that shark dead. Forget it. This summer's had it. Next summer's had it. You're the mayor of Shark City. You wanted to keep the beaches open. What happens when the town finds out about that? The best interest in this town would be to see that fish belly-up in the water with a hole in his head. You do the right thing. You authorize me. (indicates paper) Right there. Whatever it costs. This has got to be one big violation... What? I'm authorized by the township of Amity to hire you as an independent contractor. We'll meet your price. $10,000. You got it. You got it. You got it. Two cases. And dinner when you land. This is Matt Hooper... He's from the Oceanographic Institute. (interrupting) Hey. Knock it off. I don't want to have to listen to this while we're out there... It's my charter. My party. You got it. (to Ellen) Colorful, isn't he? Nothing to worry about -- I'll survive this. Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum. Tell 'em I went fishin'! They laugh together, and exchange a short, fierce kiss. Who's driving the boat? (croaky) Why are we way out here, when the shark's back there? You got it? The wire's showing! What's the point with hooks and Lines? -- (nursing forehead, gesturing at rod and reel) How -- if they're gonna keep on breaking? What do we do? Get some help? Radio in? Quint ignores him and moves off into the pilot house, where he swiftly takes out his green case, and opens it to begin to assemble something inside it. Brody is alone on the deck with Hooper. Why don't we go in? Get another crack at him tomorrow. (pointing) What's that one, there? What's that, a ship? What the hell? Where...? The barrel! The strobe light winks at them. Quint holds up a (top of his lungs) Shark! Starboard! (on bridge) That's it! Radio in for help! (coming down off the bridge) Yeah, Captain, as soon as I make a call. Brody heads for the radio in the pilot house. (shouting to Quint) Did you get him in the head? I can't stand here doing nothing! What about us? Where'd he go? Brody looks around. Hooper on the flying bridge searching in all directions. Quint is looking more appalled every second. Have you ever had one do this? There! (points wildly) The barrels have surfaced and we see the monster shadow sliding under the Orca, seemingly endless. Violent scraping sounds. He's trying to sink us! He's chasing us! I don't believe it. (the awful realization) You gotta go in the water... He's taken him! No... (notices something What day is this? Think the tide's with us? Y'know, I used to hate the water...", "ELLEN": "'cause when we bought the house it was Autumn. This is summer. Feed the dogs. We hear the scampering toenails of two cocker spaniels scrabbling around the foot of the bed. Brody swings out of bed, wearing shorts, socks, and tee shirt. Do you see the kids? In Amity, you say 'Yahd.' (she gives it the Boston sound)3. Like you're from N'Yawk. (gives it Brooklyn sound) You want to go through those? (she indicates bag of clothes) I'm taking them to the Thrift Shop. It's Marcia Vaughn's pet charity. Pick out what you want to keep -- it's mostly your city clothes. Don't be silly -\u201a You're going to make summer better for them... Before Brody can answer, Michael, his oldest boy, enters, holding his hand. There is bright new blood on it, but he is sensibly unconcerned. It's a normal childhood scrape. Go upstairs and bring Mommy a band- aid. Michael goes on out and upstairs. Ellen fumbles in her pocket and produces Brody's new glasses, which she holds out to him. I think they make you look sexy. Brody reacts to this, and bends to kiss her lightly. Then more seriously. Older, sillier. There. (to Brody) What was that? Michael heads toward the beach. (kissing him back) Hey Chief. Bring my cup back. At the door, he takes a windbreaker off a peg and goes on out. We can see the Amity Police shoulder patch as he goes to a van parked outside. What about this kid? What if he were born here. That make him an islander? Do you want the boys to come in? Honey, if you're worried... A Black Object swims across the water. It's the dog, breasting against the surf. You're very tight, y'know? (digs in) Right there. What is it...? Brody is pelting towards the water. He kicks sand over an annoyed Mrs. Kintner, who looks up, just in time to hear Brody's bellow. Can you stand something to eat? Mikey loves his birthday present. (with a slight laugh) He's sitting in it. Brody gets up, concerned, and joins her at the window. It's three feet deep, Martin You heard your father! Out right now! So would My husband tells me you're in sharks. You love sharks? Excuse me, but what are you talking about? Didn't they catch the shark this afternoon? It was on the Cape station news. Thank you. You're leaving? Is that a boat? I saw a show with sea otters, and a big turtle... Mikey loved it. Made me promise to get him one. Will you live on the boat? Martin hates boats. Hates the water. On the ferry to the mainland, he sits in the car the whole way over. He's got this childhood thing, there's a clinical word for it. Can you do that? (to Michael) Hey, big guy -- you want anything from home? Home... New York? Did you take your dramamine? (Brody nods) Here. She straightens his coat, and gives him a shaving kit to carry aboard with his toiletries. From the deck, Quint whistles derisively. You going to be all right? I'll see you back soon. There's an extra pair of glasses in your black socks, and there's some suntan lotion and blistex in your kit. Brody nods, and holds her hand for a wordless moment. (hugging him) What'll I tell the kids?", "ELLEN (O.S.)": "I never hear the whistle.", "MICHAEL": "Cut my hand. Hit by a vampire. My boat's neat, dad! Dad, the ponds are for old ladies. (confused) Sure, Dad. My cars. And a comic book.", "ELLEN (CONT\u2019D)": "Don't forget these. Honey. He has it tied up to the jetty with a double-knot. Would you like something? Some coffee?", "BRODY (CONT\u2019D)": "Love ya. You too, sweetheart... You're not going to the ocean with that, are you son? (crossing to Vaughn) Got a pen on you? How're we gonna handle this? Hooper is contained in his own excitement. He has finally come up with what he was looking for -- an expensive Nikon through which he peers intently at the shark alongside. He is talking half to himself as he fine-tunes the range finder and focus. He is squeaking and bubbling in an unsuppressed emotional boil.", "CLOSER ANGLE": "Deputy Hendricks is searching the shore about one hundred yards down wind. Meanwhile, Brody, in his casual police attire, and Tom Cassidy, still in the clothing we saw him in last night, walk down the beach. Brody fingers the missing girl's shoes, purse and clothes. In the daylight, Cassidy misconducts himself, wavering between inflated maturity and tear-blown adolescence.", "CASSIDY": "I didn't know her. Somebody could've -- I was sort of passed out. Oh, no, sir. I've never had a woman do that. I'm sure she drowned. No. Cambridge. Harvard. My family's in Tuxedo, New York, though. Some friends and me took a house. A thousand apiece, something like that. There's five of us. And we each kick in a hundred a week for beer and cleaning, stuff like that. (pathetically) You can't make me look -- !", "with:": "", "POLLY": "This is in no order of importance, What's the matter? Brody takes a breath. A new resolve comes over him. Right this minute? Brody gets up and moves hastily toward the door.", "POLLY (CONT\u2019D)": "It's the Coroner. Somebody pass away in the night? Brody nestles the phone between ear and collar, listening, as he turns to the typewriter.", "HENDRICKS": "We never had any. What's the problem? A local merchant comes through the door. Polly told me to tell you there's a scout troop in Avril Bay doing the mile swim for their Merit Badges. I couldn't call them in, there's no phone out there. What's the matter with my printing? We had a shark attack at South Chop this morning, Mayor. Fatal. Gotta batten down the beach. Vaughn and group exchange horrified looks, but we get the impression it is not in response to the shark-attack news. I just found out about it -- but there's a bunch of Boy Scouts in the water a coupla miles down the coast from where we found the girl. Avril Bay, thereabouts. Chief went to dry them off. I've got all these signs here... ...So then Denherder and Charlie sat there trying to catch their breath, and figuring out how to explain to Charlie's wife what happened to her freezer full of meat. Mrs. Kintner must've put her ad in Field and Stream. Anything? Thought I saw a shadow. Over. Pan to the water. (into walkie-talkie) False alarm. Must be this glare. (into walkie-talkie) Where -- ?", "KEISEL": "(he stares at Brody's face) Wait-a-minute. (stares some more) Glasses, right? Brody nods yes, and starts to move away, but Keisel holds on to him. Too cold. I'm going in again Labor Day. Hope we get this weather next weekend.", "KEISEL (CONT\u2019D)": "Look at those fences! Little guys about eight to ten years old. And look at this! He holds up bicycle. The bicycle's spokes are bent and broken from some sort of blows. They did that with their bare hands.", "LYNWOOD": "Stuff's no good to me in August when the Pilgrims come in June... (to Brody) Go on and help yourself to whatever you need, Chief. Can you work the register?", "VAUGHN": "Who've you told this to, Lenny? (to Meadows) Take my car, okay? (to Hendricks) You come with us, Lenny. C'mon, it'll give us time to think about what they're going to say. They all crowd into a Cadillac El Dorado with Vaughn Realty signs on the doors. Martin! (he catches up with him) Are you going to shut down the beach on your own authority? (the good guy) That's just going by the book. We're just a little anxious that you're rushing into something serious here. This is your first summer. All I'm saying is that Amity is a summer town -- we need summer dollars, and if they can't swim here, they'll use the beaches at Cape Cod, or Long Island. Some weekend tramp accidentally goes swimming too far, she's a little drunk, a fishing boat comes along -- I don't think you can appreciate the gut reaction people have to these things. (taking Brody aside) It's all psychological, anyway. You yell 'Barracuda' and everyone says 'huh'. Martin, we hired the best man we could find. All ad lib agreement. Now then. We've got a vandalism problem we ought to talk about... The others surround Brody as Vaughn leads the way back to the cars, ad libbing their problem with the little karate choppers. Hendricks puts the signs back into the trunk of Vaughn's Cadillac. Vaughn waves casually to the Scouts and swimmers who are vigorously toweling off in the background. Then go out tomorrow and make sure no one gets hurt. (addressing the crowd) Everybody, could I have your attention? Since this affects all of us, I suggest we move into council chambers, where there's more room... There is a flurry and a bustle as everyone rearranges themselves and makes their way into the Amity Selectmen's Council Chambers. Well, here we all are; anyone have any special questions? That's private business between you brave fishermen and Mrs. Kintner. (to Brody) -- Chief -- (Interrupting -- sotto voice to Brody) No need to involve outsiders in our business, Martin. Only 24 hours! Thank you very much, Mr. Quint, the Selectmen will take your offer under advisement That's good. That's real good. Ben Meadows getting pictures for the paper. Who's that young man? (speaking to everyone) I think we all owe a debt of gratitude to these men for catching this monster. Brody and Vaughn are by now near the circle of fishermen, who are surrounding Hooper, raising their voices at him. That's disgusting! This is the largest, meanest, most vicious shark ever landed off Amity Island, and a known maneater! Be reasonable, boys -- this isn't the time or the place to do some kind of half-assed autopsy on a fish. Ben... (to Meadows) do you have all the pictures you need? (seeing something offstage, with low intensity) I am not going to stand here and watch this fish cut open and see some kid fall out on the dock. Besides... (he indicates off) We see Mrs. Kintner approaching, dressed in black. I'm sorry, Martin. She's in a sick, terrible state. Let's all get out of here, this place stinks. Is that tooth here? Did anyone see it? What kind of a shark did you say it was? Well, I'm not going to commit economic suicide on that flimsy evidence. We depend on the summer people for our lives, and if our beaches are closed, then we're all finished. I don't thing either of you is familiar with our problems... Come here, I want to show you something. He leads Brody around to the front of the billboard, on which we see that some pranksters have painted a huge shark fin in the water behind the swimmer, so she looks now like a frantic bather fleeing a pursuing monster. You'd love to prove that. Getting your name in the National Geographic. August! Tomorrow is the 4th of July, and we are going to open for business. It's going to be our best summer in years. If you're so concerned about the beaches, you two, you do whatever you have to to keep them safe, but with you or without you, the beaches stay open this weekend. How about them indeed. I'm pleased and happy to repeat the news that we have, in fact, caught and killed a large predator that supposedly injured some bathers here. As you can see, it's a beautiful day, the beaches are open, and the folks here are having a wonderful time. Amity, y'know, means 'Friendship.' Why don't you get in the water? Why? I don't know if I can do that without a... Maybe we can save August... I was acting in the town's best interests... My kids were on that beach...", "SCOUTMASTER": "(bullhorn effect) Let's go, Robbie. You too, Hofner. Boyle, keep your head up. Alberts, keep kicking... (etc., ad lib)", "MEADOWS": "Technically, you need the instruction of a civic ordinance, or a special meeting of the town selectmen... We're not even sure what it was. Remember when Fred Ganz went scalloping in his BVD's? He was going to swim to New Bedford, he said. The men all laugh, ad lib their remembrances of this foolishness. We never had that kind of trouble here. You have our complete support. I agree. If she's going to advertise, I wouldn't recommend out-of-town papers. Amity people could take care of this. (leading the direction of the discussion) What's going on with the beaches, Chief? All react. Ginny, get this out on the state wire to Okay, everybody, I want to get a picture for the paper -- could everyone clear out of the way? He continues to call directions and move people out of the way to set up his shot. Hooper is measuring the shark. Plenty. Beautiful day, Chief! A group of youngsters playing with Michael Brody's dinghy. They are hauling it toward the surf.", "DOCTOR": "I think, possibly... sure. A boating accident. I was wrong. We'll have to amend the report.", "MEADOWS (CONT\u2019D)": "...and Bill Mayhew almost caught him in his net...? Could you get out of the shot, young man?", "VAUGHN (CONT\u2019D)": "We need someone who isn't prejudiced by old feuds or family ties, someone who can referee things. (to Brody) Chief, I'll take responsibility for this. Boys, cut this ugly sonofabitch down before he stinks up the whole island. Harve, tomorrow you and Carl take him out and dump him right in the drink. Sick vandalism! Brody, that's a deliberate mutilation of a public service message! I want those little paint-happy bastards caught and hung up by their baby Buster Browns!", "SHOPKEEPER": "Hello, Mr. Quint. (finding them under the counter) Yessir, right here. What do those fish do, eat this stuff? Bye now. No answer from Quint, who stops and sings along with the boy. The little kid's music degenerates into a series of awkward squeaks and blurps, as Quint stares at him. Quint continues out the door, threading his way through the people in the street like some great fish. As he gets up into the cab of his pick-up, its door swings open so we can see a crude stylized shark decorating its side. It slams behind him as Quint gets in and drives away.", "QUINT": "Four spools of Number 12 piano wire, Okay? I ordered them. They choke on it. Without waiting for it to be wrapped, he picks up the gleaming wire in his gnarled fist, and drops a bill on the counter. (after taking a deep breath) You all know me. You know what I do for a living. I'll go out and get this bird for you. He's a bad one and it's not like goin' down the pond chasing blue-gills and tommy- cods. This is a fish that can swallow a man whole. A little shakin', a little tenderizing and down ya' go. (a look to Vaughn) You gotta get this fellow and get him quick. If you do, it'll bring a lot of tourist business just to see him and you've got your business back on a paying basis. (beat) Did you bring a check? Cash? Or do we do this on a handshake and a promise? And incidental damages, if any... And you get the Mayor off my back with this zoning crap. Nobody tells me how to run my property. And, uh, a case of apricot brandy and you buy the lunch. (pours drink) Try some of this. I made it myself. Brody tastes. You want to get paid, you go. This is the last time I hear from you. I don't want anyone with piss for blood on my vessel. Put that blackfish on board, pump the bilges, and top off the fuel tanks, and finish up in the morning. Then you're on the beach. I know who he is... Transplants? I'm not talking about day sailing or pleasure boating. I'm talking about working for a living. Sharking. Are you now. I know about porkers in the water -- (throws him some rope) Here. Tie me a sheepshank. Hooper ties the knot effortlessly.81. Let me see your hands... He takes Hooper's hands in his own big bloody fists, and feels them as he talks. What do you mean 'We...?' All right, Commissioner. But when we're on my ship, I am Master, Mate and Pilot. And I want him... (indicates Hooper) ...along for ballast. lengths of 1/2-inch, 20 number straight gaff, flying gaffs, tail rope, eye splice, Hey, Squirt! You want to stow this gear or you want me to use it for ballast? It ain't good for much but bait. Hello, Junior. What are you? Some kind of half-assed astronaut? (to himself) Who's inside, you or the shark? Hooper indicates \"me.\" Hurry up, Chief, daylight's a wastin'. Cast off the bow line! Now your stern! Its diesels chugging, the Orca pulls away from the pier. Ellen has already resolutely turned her back on it, and is walking off the dock back onto dry land. (to Brody) Front-Bow, Back-Stern, Port, Starboard. Aloft, Below. It's not a staircase, it's a ladder, it's not a rope, it's a line, and if you don't get it right... (indicates porthole) I'll throw your ass through that little round window. He laughs at his joke. This is probably something he tells all his charters. These greedy sons-a-bitches will eat their own guts. He slices into the shark's underbelly. We hear the sound of entrails plopping into the water. Brody is almost retching, and Hooper is just displeased. Go ahead, you cannibals. Tell 'em where you got it! Just a little appetizer. I want our porker to know we're serving. I want to put some iron into that big yap... Keep that chum line going -- we've got five good miles. Don't break it. Nobody. We're drifting with the current. (to Hooper) Hell, in the old days we went out with good charts, good sounding lead, and a damn good compass. Nowadays, these kids are afraid to go out without depth finders, radar, radio, electric toothbrush, every stupid thing... Quint opens a can of beer and drains it in one long pull, crushing the empty and throwing it over the side. Hooper drains his coffee from a styrofoam cup, and cracks it in his hand with a silly \"plup.\" He stows the pieces in an empty chum barrel. (mutters) Real fine stuff but it won't mean a thing to Mr. Whitey, of course... he didn't go to schools in electronics. He was born with what he does best. Eat. He's a swimming appetite. 'Course he might eat this stuff, but then I've seen him eat a rocking chair, too. (to Brody) Next time, ask me. It ain't a Big Mac. (to Brody) The expert don't approve. What do you thing? You're closer to the situation. (laughs) Brody shades his eyes from the white sun as Quint baits up. (snapping bait to his leader) ...'cause this is where he lives. You gotta think like they do.HOOPER (to Brody) Now if he weren't around, we'd of hooked something else by now, wouldn't we? But he scared 'em all away. Big lonesome son of a bitch... -- he'll gulp it down now... (making gulping noises) Hooooooo! Quint tightens drag and strikes. The line goes whizzing out. Brody runs to Quint's side. Hooper springs up to the flying bridge. (turning with the pull) Get behind me, dummy! (shouts to Hooper) Reverse her and turn -- he's taking too much line! (to Brody) Wet my reel, quick! (to Hooper) Neutral! (to himself) Where the hell is he going? Quint reeling in like mad. (to Hooper) Down here, Hooper! Hooper is rushing down. (bathed in sweat; hauling, reeling) Look -- you may be a big Yahoo in the lab, but out here you're just supercargo, and you'll do as I say, or you can take your gear and backstroke home. Now get down here! The leaders show above the water line. Brody is wide-eyed, waiting for that first look. (to Brody) Unbuckle me -- fast! (to Hooper) Grab the leader. He ain't normal, this one... they never -- Watch your hands -- (suddenly to Brody) Grab onto this! Before he realizes what's happening, Brody is clumsily clutching at the big rod, appalled. Quint skips away for a flying gaff. He picks one, turns...QUINT (to Brody) Fasten the pole. Don't tell me my business! (to Hooper, points) Quarter-mile, that way. Full throttle. Hooper shakes off his dizziness and obeys. Brody watches Quint rig up a new leader, hook up the same bait. What I do is trick him to the surface, got that? Then I can jab him, understand? (goes to flybridge, muttering) Think I'm gonna haul it in as if he's a catfish, like everyone else does? Brody goes inside to inspect his forehead.93. (suddenly, pointing) Over there! (still looking) At least you handle the boat all right. Stop. Here... Cut the engine. Hooper cuts the engines as Quint swings nimbly down. He stands stock still on the main deck, motioning Brody to be silent. Then picking up the newly rigged rod, Quint softshoes it over to the chair. About to sit down, he freezes. Orca here. Put her on. This is Quint, Missus. He's busy. Just fine, Missus. We'll be back soon. Everything's fine. We haven't seen anything yet. Orca out. He snaps off the radio, and, for good measure, pulls the plug from the power source. Here. Rig this to the forward keg up there. He indicates the barrels on the foredeck. (to Brody) Come to port. Watch my hand. Steady now... He guides Brody with hand signals. Brody tries urgently to get it right, not to oversteer, to try to hold the big boat with its throbbing diesels on the course that Quint is indicating.97. Get clear, damn you! The shark is in position, Hooper shouts, a moment too late. Jesus Now you've done it, you piss-ant. Stop and rig a goddam tinker toy to my gear. Let the bastard fight the keg for a while. He can't stay down with that on. Hooper, furious with himself, runs for the flying bridge to take the helm from Brody.98. We got a barrel on him. We can't lose him. We stay out here until we find him. Hooper throttles back, and the roar of the diesels subsides and the boat resumes an even keel, slowly circling the ocean. (grim) You hired me, remember? It's my $10,000. It's my shark... He's up again. He corrects course slightly to keep the barrel buoy in sight. Hooper is sitting at the table, morose. Brody is staring at a couple of open cans of beans or beef stew, or some other crappy rations Quint has on board. Dirty spoons stuck in the open cans show us this has not been a formal dinner. Quint fumbles on the chart shelf and produces some of his home brew. He takes a pull, and hands it to Hooper, who takes a double.Brody touches the fresh abrasion on his forehead, where the fishing rod caught him. Wire burn. Trying to stop a backstay from taking my head off. Face and head scars come from amateur amusements in the bar room. This love line here... (he bends an ear forward) ...that's from some crazy Frenchie come after me with a knife. I caught him with a good right hand right in the snot locker and laid him amongst the sweetpeas. Nothing! A pleasure scar. Look here -- He starts rolling up his own dirty pants leg. And here's to the ladies. And here's to their sisters; I'd rather one Miss than a shipload of Misters. He drinks, Hooper follows. (aside) I almost had 'im. Brody is looking at a small white patch on Quint's other forearm. (changing) Tattoo. Had it taken off.  Yeah. The (singing) Show me the way to go home... I'm tired and I want to go to bed. I had a little drink about an hour ago, and it went right to my head. (etc.) Gradually, Hooper and Brody join in, and the pilothouse becomes a warm cozy place. (quietly, to Hooper) Start the engines. As Brody hears this and is about to stop singing, the boat is suddenly bumped from below, and the gentle scraping turns to a violent assault somewhere on the understructure of the vessel. Water bubbles up into the hold. Brody starts, and looks at the radio. He is about to move towards it when Quint's urgent instructions stop him.106. The bilge pumps. There -- He leaves Brody in the pilot house, and runs onto the deck, grabbing his Cut the engines! Hooper does. (to Brody) Get up forward! Watch for him! Brody moves cautiously up to the bow. More left rudder! More! Left hand down now, Chief. Brody tries to comply. He's bent the housing. You can hear it. And we can. The Orca's diesels are no longer smooth. Brody suddenly sees something, and points. It's him. He takes a killing lance from the rack. Hooper gets a boathook. (to Hooper) Haul in that rope -- it'll foul us! (then to Brody on the bridge) Start the engine! The diesels start with a terrible grinding. Shut up! Just pump her out! Duty first and pleasure after -- Excuse me! Brody's adrenaline turns his fear into rage. His glasses are cracked or broken by flying pieces of radio. He seizes the bat, and pound the shattered radio for emphasis. No -- comin' right at us! Slow ahead, he'll hit us head on -- (the engine clanks) Slower! Throttle back --- (raising harpoon) Hard to port! Hooper pulls the boat into a tight turn and Quint has a shot at the upward rolling flank. He sinks it with careful precision. Try shakin' that out! Brody emerges from the cabin as the rope zips overboard, and the barrel, changing over, catapults into the air before plunging into the ocean in a cloudy splash. (to Brody) No! No! No! (to Hooper) Swing around! After him! Watch it! Hooper skillfully avoids the speeding rope. Order in the court! (racing over) Three'll do it! He's havin' trouble with two! He yells to Hooper and Brody as he swings behind the controls. Get tired! That's the idea! Here's a little reverse for you! The shark leaps partially out of the water, and the sight is both horrifying and awesome. Its jaws break water, snapping at the ropes that have him snarled and frustrated. Quint throws the Orca into neutral and shouts Damn head is too far away. He's too big. Wrenched to one side, Quint is knocked from his feet. (amazed at the shark's strength) He can't go so deep. Not with all those on him. Brody looks down at his feet. There is salt water up to their shoe tops.115. (mentally assessing the damage) Have to pump her steady, s'all. The barrels start a wide circle, each cuts through the water, pushing a wave before it and leaving a wake behind. (incredulously) No way! He can't! (helplessly) He can't stay down with three barrels on him! Where is he?! (and he means this) No! Booming thud at the keel. Brody slides on the wet deck and Quint loses his footing, falling into Brody's arms.116. Follow him! (to Hooper) Dead astern! Zig-zag! Quint is grimly silent. Brody senses that Quint is in the fight of (and for) his life. The Orca taking evasive action. But the three barrels are closing the gap, the engines coughing and missing, destroying themselves with every rotation of the damaged shaft. Full throttle! To port! Throttling back! The boat surges, the shark gives a final unbalances wrench, and disengages. The dorsal fin circles off, beginning a wide loop around the boat. The engine quivers and dies, the boat without power, rolling half awash, a wounded victim. The fin dips, the barrels follow, the shark disappears beneath the waves. There is complete silence. Let go of it! The pole gives way, the rope whipping down on the gunwale... the pulling of the tonnage below is tipping the Orca, dragging it, but Quint won't give up the winch. Brody hauls on the rope barehanded. (a horrible scream) He's comin' up -- !", "MAX TAFT": "(an adult) Looks like another big season. Gets worse every year.", "MRS. TAFT": "And none of them from the Island. Just a lot of bother. Brody (and we) hear a shrill scream from the water. He stretches to look past the group, to see what's happening out there. That official business could take all summer! The motel is all I own -- you pull the plug on this town and I go down the drain with it.", "THE ADULTS": "", "TAFT": "Present company excepted, but off- islanders are a pain in the butt. Pardon my French. Ellen captures Sean, and holds him playfully, an example.19. Just 'cause a cat has kittens in an oven, it don't make them muffins.", "SEAN": "I'm not a muffin! I'm a boy! Brody rumples his hair and sets him off to play. Why?", "MRS. KINTNER": "Alex! Alex Kintner! Where do you think you're going? Let me see your fingers -- He holds out his hands. Alex! Alex? Alex...! Chief Brody? He nods, she slaps him full across the face. There is an embarrassed silence. Some people leave, following a trend that began with the first mention of cutting open the shark.", "ALEX": "Water. Just once more, please?", "DOG MAN": "Buster! Hey, Buster! Here boy! (whistles) He continues to ad lib calling his dog, but there's no answer, no dog in the water.", "THE WATERFRONT": "A huge splash explodes in the water near the gang, an eruption of foam and spray that stops everyone cold for a moment. They stop to see who was responsible. A", "TOURIST": "Something in the water. Right there! Didn't anyone see it?", "WOMAN": "There's blood in the water. Are you going to close the beaches? Is there nobody going in? What a shame. Arthur, should I be going in? This is marvelous! Arthur, I want to come back to this very spot. Will you make a note of where we are?", "DENHERDER": "Is that $3000 bounty on the shark in cash or check? (laughter from all) You wanna call it a night after here? (a hyena laugh) We're blowin' half the bounty on bait -- The splintered pier sways to and fro as the men reach the end and start to work. Charlie baits the hook with a massive chunk of sirloin while Denherder secures the loose end of chain to a skinny piling. Charlie then fastens the inner tube to the chain five feet from the end of the hook. You do this all the time, right, Charlie? Hey! What's this? The chain is coming out so fast that it begins to drag the wheelbarrow to the end of the jetty. A section of chain tangles around the handle and flips the entire machine into the air. Both men watch dumbfounded as the inner tube, racing out to sea in a wake of white water, suddenly dips under. Do I set the goddam hook?  Get the hell out! Charlie! Swim! Charlie, inhaling terror, trying to slog to shore. The jetty is getting closer. Suddenly, an enormous black fin breaks water like a periscope, making course corrections as it comes for Charlie. Denherder jumps from piling to piling, almost losing his balance on his way to help Charlie. Charlie has reached the last pylon toward open sea, and his hands clamber for a hold. But --", "MR. WISEMAN": "We should make sure there is no danger.", "MR. HASSETT": "I didn't raise my kids to be some fish's lunch!", "THOSE OPPOSED": "", "MR. POSNER": "Nobody's seen a shark.", "MR. POLK": "We'll lose business, we lose taxes, we lose our shirts!", "QUINT (CONT\u2019D)": "(he rises up) The bastard is costing you more'n that every day. Do you wanna stay alive and annee up the ten or play it cheap and be on welfare next winter. (a final moment) I'm gonna kill this thing... just a matter of whether I do it now -- or at the end of summer. Here's to swimmin' with bowlegged women. Herschel interrupts. He's stopped working, and is wiping his hands on a bloody rag. Ha. City hands. You been counting money. If you had a $5000 net and $2000 worth of fish in it, and along comes Mr. White, and makes it look like a kiddy scissors class has gone to work on it and made paper dolls. If you'd ever worked for a living, you'd know what that means. You're in the cage? (Hooper nods) The cage is in the water? (Hooper nods) The shark is in the water too? (Hooper nods) Now hear this. You're aboard the fishing vessel 'Orca,' and I'm her Captain, Master, Mate, and Owner. You'll jump when I holler. We're doin' a job here, and Christ, I ain't got time to watch you birds get hooks in your ass and fall overboard. Ship with me, and you'll do all right. Cross me, and I'll slap you upside your heads. Now -- if you boys are ready -- let's go fishin'. He starts moving gear around, preparing chum barrels, setting hooks, Hooper gives him a hand, Brody stays out of the way. (to Brody) Get a fresh barrel. Brody goes to unlash a fresh barrel, but can't figure out the knots. He finally tugs on a piece of rope, and it all comes loose... barrel, shark cage, and, most important, Hooper's tanks, clattering and rolling on the deck. (straining, muscles popping) Starboard, for Chris'sake -- Hooper steers it sharply. (to Hooper) Hey, you! Farmer! Half-speed there... Oh, this ain't foolin' me -- (rod arcs down with a surge) Sure -- try it! He ad libs brief instructions to Brody as the line rushes out and there is less tension. Quint is horsing up and down, reeling in. Makin' believe it's easy now. The line is almost vertical, and Quint shows a hint of bafflement. He reels in suspiciously. Gettin' ready to run again -- no? No? (suspicious) What's he playin' here? (reels in furiously, to Brody) Put the gloves on! (to Hooper) A marlin, or a stingray. Huh. Don't ever tell me my business again. Get back up on the bridge. (quietly, to Brody) I never saw one that big. (to Brody) Get up there and steer her. Follow my hand, and hold 'er steady. I've got to get a clean shot at that porker's head. Quint moves up toward the bow, Brody goes up to the flying bridge to take the wheel, Hooper starts for the foredeck, but stops to rummage in his kit, throwing gear around as he desperately hunts for something. Hurry up, rig the line! The line, man, the line! Hooper is rigging like crazy. That's not so bad. Look at Slammed with a thresher's tail. Look just like somebody caressed me with a nutmeg grater... Brody is drawn into their boasting comparisons. He secretly checks his own appendix scar, decides not to enter the contest. Wait a minute, young fella. Look. Just look. Don't touch... He starts lowering his pants to reveal a place on one hip where the tissue is scarred and irregular. ...Mako. Fell out of the tail rope and onto the deck. You don't get bitten by one of those bastards but twice -- your first and your last. (shows belly) Look a' that -- Bayonet Iwo Jima. He's busting the shaft! Start the pump! Keep your eyes open, Mr. Hooper! Hooper stands ready on the bridge, Quint pacing the stern deck. Nobody sleeps! Nobody. He jams a fresh clip into the (sings) Show me the way to go home... I'm tired and I want to go to bed. (etc.) He's under the keg. Careful -- Hooper leans out gingerly, snagging the barrel with the hook. It bobs lightly in the water, an innocent bystander. Hooper shifts his pole, takes hold of the rope, poling it in. (suspicious) Easy -- just want to goose him up. The minute he runs, drop it or you'll lose your hands. Hooper gets the line and starts hauling it up. No resistance. It comes easily over the transom into a coil on the deck. He and Quint exchange looks. Here -- gimme. I don't see what he's been doin'. Easy! It'll tear right out! Atta boy! Quint leans to one side, harpoon over his head. The Great White breaks water and... Take two, they're small! He sinks it deep. We hear shots. As the new rope whips out, Brody can be seen standing on the gunwale, in regulation police combat pistol stance, holding his .357 in both hands, firing at the shark's head. Quint shakes his head in amused disbelief at this, as the barrel goes over. Get ready! Now snag 'em! Together Brody and Hooper hook a barrel-rope and hold on for dear life as the shark changes course. Pull in the ropes and tie 'em onto the transom -- free ride. Brody and Hooper pull in with all they are worth as Quint helps out by wheeling in a circle. He laughs to himself, enjoying the spectacle. Now! Untie 'em! Quick! He'll tear us to pieces. He fires the iron, and the shark veers downward in a gushing shower of spray. (to Hooper) Follow him -- (to Brody) You start pumpin' out here. Quint tosses Brody the hand pump, then picks up his", "CHARLIE": "It's only two-thirty. What, are you tired? Screw lamb -- let's shoot the sirloin! Set? Denherder tugs the chain against the piling to prove that it is. Charlie heaves the bait. Splash! The inner tube follows and both men eagerly watch as it floats seaward, the chain playing out from the wheelbarrow. Twenty years. Look at him take it! Let him do it! Go-go-go-go-go! It is then that the chain whips taut against the narrow pilings. Holy Jesus Christ! Denherder steps up on the broken-off piling just to be out of the water.", "DENHERDER (CONT\u2019D)": "(reaching into the bag) Leg of lamb this time? One more after this, then I'm going home.", "CHARLIE (CONT\u2019D)": "Tide's taking it right out. Charlie lights his pipe and sits back against a piling. He turns on his transistor radio and loops one end around a fractured board. Denherder paces, bored to death.", "OUT-OF-TOWNER": "You're charging me double the usual rent! I didn't come up here all the way from New Rochelle to be gouged by some Yankee Cracker!", "BACK TO": "", "DOCKSIDE": "Hendricks is mediating the argument between the two men, and we can hear a plaintive \"But Lenny,\" from the local as Brody sees something that makes him move towards the other side of the dock. We see him cross to a little boat built for two or three that is settling low in the water as a seventh man climbs in with his gear.", "HOOPER": "Hello. (stepping in to help) Ahoy, sail! You got an oar? Well, scull it out! Just cast off in turn and make for the channel, Excuse me, I wonder if you could tell me... Before he can finish, Brody spots something on shore that moves him to shout to his deputy. There's a fantail launch out there that won't make it beyond the breakwater. Officer, I wonder if you could tell me where I could find Chief Brody? Hooper, Matt Hooper. From the Oceanographic Institute. (holds out his hand) Left arm, head, shoulders, sternum and portions of ribcage intact. (to Brody) Please don't smoke. With minor post- mortem lacerations and abrasions. Bite marks indicate typical non-frenzy feeding pattern of large squali, possibly carchaninus lonimanus, or isurus glaucas. Gross tissue loss and post-mortem erosion of bite surfaces prevent detailed analysis; however, teeth and jaws of the attacking squali must be considered above average for these waters. (to Brody again) -- Did you go out in a boat and look around? (turns off the recorder) It wasn't an 'accident,' it wasn't a boat propeller, or a coral reef, or Jack the Ripper. It was a shark. It was a shark. Well, if one man can catch a fish in days, then I guess 50 of these bozos can catch a fish in one day -- beginner's luck. Who, me? Okay... (he drifts off) The men (Felix, Pratt, et al) get Brody to join them in the shot. I didn't say this wasn't the shark, I just said I wasn't sure this was the one... There are hundreds of different kinds of sharks; makos, blues, hammerheads, white-tips... any one of them could've attacked. Look -- shark digestion is slow. We could open this one up, and find whatever he's been eating is still inside. Let's just cut him open and see what's inside... Wait a minute... Felix, Pratt and the others ad lib disagreement. \"You're not gonna cut up my trophy,\" etc. Look, maybe this is the wrong time to pursue this, but I'm not sure... Before Hooper can finish, Brody's shoulders slump and he goes slack. (seeing Brody's plate) Is anyone having this...? He starts in on it, as soon as someone has indicated \"go ahead.\" (producing wine) Here... one red, one white. They laugh some more. Ellen is again left out of it. I wouldn't put it that way. But I love sharks. I do. (he tells a story about his boyhood and a shark) But you've still got a problem here, there's a shark just off the island somewhere. (toasting) Here's to your husband, the only other rational man on the island. Day after tomorrow, I'll be gone, and he'll be the only one. Going out on the 'Aurora.' Is it! The best-funded research expedition to ever study the shark... around the world in 18 months. Better than Cousteau, or Compagno with computers, telemetry, Defense Department funding... Yep. Yeah. Like the kid on your beach. I wish I could've examined that shark they caught... About half of them. A lot of 'missing swimmers' are really shark victims. Rogue? It's called Territoriality. It's a theory. You could say that. Brody digests all this; confirmation of facts he has gleaned in his newly acquired knowledge of the shark species. There is a long pause. I'm flattered you should ask. He gets up and they both start out. Ellen watches them go. ...And it was Dartmouth Winter weekend, and she was Homecoming Queen, and I was her date; then she got into the fact that her family had more money than my family, and she was right -- her great-grandfather was in mining, and my ancestors were Yankee shipbuilders. So we broke up and I went home with some beatnik from Sarah Lawrence. Our friend, the shark. They bend over the shape like 18th century graverobbers. Just as I thought. He drifted up here with the Gulf Stream, from southern waters. (showing it) Florida license plate. (laughs) No, but Tiger sharks are the garbage cans of the ocean. They eat anything. But this one didn't eat any people. There's nothing here... He kicks the remains around below camera. If you're looking for a shark, you don't look on land. You go out and chum for him. Only one sure way to find him -- offer him a little something to eat. Chum -- blood, waste meat, fish, anything. They can sense it miles away. If he's out there, we might be able to get a closer look at him. (checks his watch) It's a good time, too. They're night feeders...53. (indicating distant flashing beacon) That's the Cape Light -- we're on the stretch where he's feeding, if he's still here. Brody, bored, tired, and slightly queasy, is trying to concentrate on anything but the motion of the boat. He stares at the sophisticated electronics displays. (ticking them off) Depth-finder, fathometer, sonar, closed-circuit Sometimes. (indicates display) Look here -- something big, probably a school of mackerel clumped together. And staying right with us.54. I Bought it.  Both sets of grandparents set up trust funds for me; stocks went up, so I don't have to touch my principal. (a nerve has been touched) It is a job. I'm not fooling around like some amateur. It's my life! I want to check something. Hold my feet. He sticks his head over the side, into the black water. He didn't have a dinghy aboard. I'm going down to take a look at his hull. (hyperventilating) We will. There's something I've got to find out. A White! A Great White, I found a tooth buried in the hull. He must've attacked... I knew it... Gardner's dead in there. I didn't see the mate... You're situation here suggests that a Great White has staked out a claim in the waters around Amity Island, and that he will continue to feed here as long as there is food in the water. A shark's attack is stimulated by the kind of splashing and activity that occurs whenever humans go swimming -- you can't avoid it! I just pulled a shark tooth the size of a shot glass out of the hull of a wrecked boat out there. I don't have it. Carcaradon carcharias. A Great White. (who has followed them around) That's it! I'm standing here arguing with a guy who can't wait to be a hot lunch. Goodbye. Out there is a Perfect Engine, an Eating Machine that is a miracle of evolution -- it swims and eats and that's all. Look at that! Those proportions are correct. (indicates fin) I know sharks. I hope we get some more help. What I've heard and what I've seen are two different things. I believe there is a large Great White Shark -- Carcharodon Cacharias - in the waters off this very beach, that he has killed and that he will kill again... Hooper's voice fades off as someone at the mixer panel dials his mike off, and brings up the Announcer's lavalier. Block the estuary! The estuary! Three boats racing to carry out the orders. The black fin re- passing the two children, racing to get out. Hooper reaches the mouth before the others. The fin won't veer off. 76. (handling some gear) This is quite a place. You're going to need an extra hand... Quint turns to see this new voice, and starts walking towards him. I've been to sea since I was 12. I've crewed three Trans-pacs -- -- and an America's Cup Trials... And I'm not talking about hooking some poor dogfish or sand shark. I'm talking about a Great White. I don't need to pass basic seamanship. Look, I don't need to hear any of this working class hero crap. Some party boat skipper who's killed a few sharks... Powerhead, All of it. And thank Dr. Miro for me. And tell Borack I'll catch up with them in New Zealand. An eye for an eye, you know. (to Assistant) I'll see ya. Tell Dorothy hello. Hooper sees his gear approaching. Anti-Shark cage. Comin' aboard... What's that supposed to prove? (using the fish finder) Nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing. (jumping up) Watch it! (eyeing bait) That's pilot whale, isn't it? (to himself) Easy for you -- they got a brain the size of a radish. Quint sits in the fighting chair. He casts off, murmuring as the line feeds out. (almost to himself) Aye, Aye Let it go, don't waste your time. I don't know what it is, but it's not a shark. It's too wild, too erratic. It's a marlin or a stingray. It's a gamefish. Hooper snaps the rope onto the leader and holds on. (stunned) I'm okay... What do you see? feet, if it's an inch... (very, very high) There's a formula! Girth, about 150 inches, squared, divide by 800 -- son of a bitch, they are not going to believe this! -- divide by 2000... three tons! (after Quint) You're right, you old fart! Three tons! (ad libs ecstasy) (on deck) Damn it! I need something in the foreground to give it some scale. Martin! Stand here! No, to your left! He is positioning Martin frantically, trying to include Brody, the shark, and the Orca in the same frame. 96. Clear! Quint fires. The harpoon slams into the shark behind his head, half-way along the back in front of the big dorsal fin. (to Quint) Rig another keg! I'm bringing her around! His eyes dart about the ocean, looking for the barrel, as he hot-dogs the ship around in a violent expression of his own disgust with himself. Look here. (extends a forearm) Steve Kaplan bit me during recess. Quint is amused. He presents his own formidable forearm.100. (rolling up a sleeve) Moray Eel. Bit right through a wet suit. Brody is fascinated. Quint and Hooper take a long pull from the bottle. Ever see one like this? He hauls up his pants leg, revealing a wicked white scar. I'll drink to your leg. (considerably drunker) I think I can top that, Mister... Hooper is pulling at his shirt, trying to get it off, but it's tangling its sleeves, and won't come undone. Don't tell me -- 'Death Before Dishonor.' 'Mother.' 'Semper Fi.' Uhhh... 'Don't Tread on Me.' C'mon -- what? (incredulous) You were on the Indianapolis? In '45? Jesus... Quint remembering. It's a whale out there. There's a brief, eerie pause. Quint breaks the silence by muttering into song, which he slowly swells. Rudder bearings? The boat is assaulted again. Quint fires over the stern, emptying a clip into the water. (shifting his grip) Lemme get a better angle on it. Now. Quint hammers again. (hauling) The shaft is giving. Hooper slams the hatch, kicks the tools to one side, clearing the deck for action once again. Coming right to us! (shouting down) We can't rev it up this high -- Suddenly the barrel gongs into the side of the Orca. (shouting at Brody) Don't shoot him any more! He's crazy on his own blood already! He's under! (suddenly giving Quint the wheel) Hold her. He leaps to his gear, trying desperately to get his dart gun. Just then, the shark attacks, breaking water and rising over Power head with 20 ccs of strychnine nitrate. If I can hit him. I can kill him. But I gotta be close. Very close. (in command now) Rig the cable to the roof eyebolts. The men are speaking in near whispers, quiet in the silence that surrounds them. Hooper is in his wet suit, adjusting weights, mask, tanks, etc. The cage is standing in the stern. Quint runs a line from the gin pole to the roof section.Hooper climbs in though the top. Lower away, Chief. (then, to Quint) Try and keep him off me till I'm under. Hooper inside, looking out the bars of the cage, gives Brody a reassuring smile, then pops his mouthpiece between his teeth and checks his regulator. 119. Quint...? Wednesday... No, it's Tuesday, I think. Just keep kicking.", "GARDNER": "Hello, back. He's standing near where Brody is finishing after his encounter with the chummers. Brody approaches Ben Gardner. Might give it a try. That three thousand bounty beats working for a living. (yells to his Mate) We ready? The Mate nods \"Yes\" and starts to prepare to get under way. Ben and his Mate move away from the dock, headed towards the", "SAILBOAT SKIPPER": "Tell that stinkpotter to belay!", "HOOPER (CONT\u2019D)": "(noticing something) Is that dynamite? Brody looks, and stops by a boat that's about to cast off. He holds out his hand. ...height and weight may only be estimated from partial remains. Torso severed in mid-thorax, eviscerated with no major organs remaining. May I have a drink of water? Right arm severed above the elbow with massive tissue loss from upper musculature. Portions of denuded bone remaining. (tense, to Brody) -- did you notify the coast guard? Hi. I'm Matt Hooper. If your husband is here, I'd like to talk to him. Dynamite! (to Brody) How was your day...? (boning his fish) Ummm. Really good. Brody begins stripping the foil off the wine, screwing in a corkscrew, etc. I was lucky to find that in town -- it's an estate bottled vintage year... Brody takes the fine wine, and pours it into his drink glass filling the tumbler to the top with ice cubes, diluted scotch, and the wine. (as Brody pours) We ought to let it breathe... Whatever. We always had a summer place on the water -- Newport, the Vineyard, so I figured I'd major in something I knew about. Oceanography, marine biology. It was that, or design racing yachts like my older brother. Hmmm. He we go. Up the old alimentary canal. Hold the light. We hear a slurp and a squish as Hooper produces a big knife and dips into the shark with a major incision. We open the abdominal cavity and check the digestive tract. Simple. (he attends to his work) From his vantage point, Quint watches, unseen by the two men. Brody is holding the light, fighting the gag reflex, fascinated by the bizarre ritual. ...Nothing. (to himself) God damn it! We had him! (to Quint) I'm coming about! He spins the wheel again, trying to make the big boat handle like a formula speedster. The decks tip and the rigging sways under the sudden strain. Brody is caught unaware, and tumbles off his feet, sliding across the deck to fetch up against a wall. the Bull shark scraped me while I was taking samples... Gimme a hand, here. I got something to show you -- Brody lends a hand. The shirt slips part way off. (indicating his chest) There. Right there. Mary Ellen Moffit broke my heart. Let's drink to Mary Ellen. The two men raise their mugs in a toast. (loading) Keep him there! Keep him! The Orca shudders from side to side. From Hooper's point of view we can the shark gripping the transom in his jaws, shaking the boat as he saws his massive head from side to side, trying to tear a chunk out of the very hull. Quint has reloaded and is firing into the fish. Brody has a wicked pointed gaff, and is swinging wildly at the snout, gashing and gouging it, trying for the eyes. The killing lust is on all three men. Take me up. Brody cranks the winch, hoisting cage and Hooper into the air. Quint balances the gin pole lines, Hooper crouching in the cage, examining it for stresses; satisfied, he holds out his hand. Quint puts the spear gun into it.", "MAN": "Aw, c'mon, it's just fireworks. Sharks like fireworks, it attracts them.", "PRATT": "Well, get over there! He ain't caught it yet! The owner of Pratt's boat throws it forward and Pratt removes a .45 automatic from the holster of his belt. He tests it, firing once in the air. As they near the scene of the struggle, eleven other boats begin converging, until -- (exultant) Hand me that pole! Quick! One of his party in the over-filled boat grabs a gaff and leans out to grab the moribund shark. But Harry won't give up the line, still reeling in. How's the family, Harry? (to the man with gaff) Go on and do it! Whadya mean, 'Bite Radius?' What's that?", "HARRY'S BOAT": "Everyone wants to get into the act. They are attacking the threshing beast with all they've got. Pratt uses his automatic, another blasts point blank with a shotgun. There are occasional water ricochets and the bounty hunters duck from time to time as bullets skip by. Finally, the shark stops threshing.", "HARRY": "(a tug-of-war) Let go my shark! It is a ten-foot tiger, and what a mess -- splattered with bullet punctures, gashes, bleeding from several orifices. But it is not dead -- it kicks back to life and threatens to capsize the boat. Pratt panics and fires six times with his .45. The bullets pierce the shark's head, pass through, and split the fiberglass hull through which a flood of water rises. Everybody stands up as the boat slips beneath them.", "HOOPER (O.S.)": "It's a tiger shark. Very rare in these waters, and definitely a maneater. Hooper enters the circle, and picks up where he left off, measuring the shark's teeth. Others watch him. Charlie and Denherder walk over to the shark. Charlie punches it. Martin Brody residence? Ellen opens the door for him. (on bridge) He's heading under -- !", "GAFFER": "Teeth are teeth, right?", "HOOPER'S BOAT": "Something he has seen moves Hooper. Caught on the other end of the line, he is wheeling in a broad, hot-dogger's circle turn, headed back.", "OFFICER": "Martin Brody? (Brody nods) I'll need your signature here... here... and here.63. Authorization for direct payment of flight expenses not directly connected to a normal mission of this command. (Brody doesn't understand) You pay for the gas. Brody signs. The Officer shakes his head as Brody makes an error. Just erase your signature and initial your erasure. Brody complies, shaking his head. The Officer snaps him a salute, jogs lightly back to his idling copter, buckles in, and gives Brody a \"thumbs up\" as he lifts off in a flurry of sand and ice-cream wrappers.", "ENSIGN": "I want to get our lines and repellent out, so we better shove off. He nods to his men, who head for some Boston Whalers (or similar boat with surf-riding capability) and push off into the surf to patrol the swimming areas.", "AT SEA": "Hooper is methodically patrolling in his boat. Tactically flanking a three-hundred-yard apron of black repellent are four small watch-boats. A tiny pleasure boat darts around the repellent line. Farther out, crossing back and forth, are patrol boats. To top it all off, a Coast Guard helicopter hovers and patrols three hundred feet above.", "ANNOUNCER": "...and with me is the Mayor of Amity, Lawrence Vaughn. Mr. Vaughn, how about those rumors? Also here today is a Marine Biologist and Research Fellow from the Oceanographic Institute, Matthew Hooper. Mr. Hooper, what've you heard? (moving into center frame) What else you got?", "TV DIRECTOR": "Recue the machines. 2, pan off the Chief and show me some tits and ass. get me some cute kids. 3... see if you got a shot at the water. Why did we wrap? Get that! Somebody get that! One thousand survivors pack the beach, standing absolutely still. A numbing cold sets in, and people shiver against each other. Muted sobs, whimpering, coughing.The six burly lifeguards huddle together like Cub Scouts.ANGLE -", "ASSISTANT DIRECTOR": "(holds up stopwatch) Mayor, 43 seconds, Biologist 45 seconds. That's equal time, right? Teachers' strike downtown.", "DIRECTOR": "Right. (he presses \"Talkback\" button to his announcer) Jerry, come on in and look at this. (to his headset) Roll 2. In five, 4. 3. 2. 1. Close enough for remote. As Vaughn begins his spiel again, the other monitors show us the action on the beach. Think we ought to stick around? That's five minutes, guys. Coffee.", "VAUGHN (V.O.)": "...I'm pleased and happy...", "SELECTMAN": "I don't want to wash off my suntan lotion. I'll get a burn...", "ARTHUR (CONT\u2019D)": "(as he enters the waves) It's very nice. Not too cold... Quite refreshing... Very pleasant.... He ducks his head under for a final look around. His dripping head rises triumphantly from the surf. No sharks, m'lady. She starts into the water, he takes her parasol, escorting her the rest of the way into the ocean.", "UNDERWATER": "As before, 400 pairs of enticing, yummy swimmers' legs, kicking like animated hors d'oeuvres. The shark's carcass floating down in a cloud of blood and debris. A shadow clouds the waters, and the Orca's mass begins to slip into the frame.", "COPTER SPOTTER": "Nothing from up here, Daisy. Over. Copter to Daisy! Red Four, Red Four! Went under your -- There! The Coast Guard sonar operator spots it and pales. A slick black dorsal fin is slicing a wake toward the swimming area.", "VOICES": "Who's scared to go in! I was in! Up to your knees, yeah -- So come with me -- I'll go again.", "SONAR OPERATOR": "Jesus Christ -- Shark!", "THE BEACH": "Dozens of bathers halfway out of the water, turn to see. More whistles, and they start toward shore. We hear panicky voices ad-libbing; \"Shark,\" \"Look Out,\" etc. The loudhailers sounding more urgent now, and a contagious dread seizes one person after another. Entire groups of people begin pulling toward shore, some of them obviously trying to control a growing hysteria in others.", "AERIAL VIEW": "The circle of boats around the little pranksters, the crowds huddled on the beach, Hooper's boat suddenly arrowing towards the estuary, leaving a huge boiling wake.", "THE VICTIM": "(passing a horrified Michael, who half extends one hand, as if to help) It's no good. I'm dead... (and he is) A renewed cry of shark!", "NURSE": "The doctor said it's okay -- mild shock. He can come home in the morning.", "QUINT'S VOICE": "Keep your hands off my stuff. He emerges from the steam and smoke.", "HERSCHEL": "Mr. Quint... Quint wheels to face him.", "HERSCHEL (CONT\u2019D)": "I'm not goin'. No sir.", "ASSISTANT": "You got everything you asked for? This is actually a killing expedition?", "QUINT (O.S.)": "(sings) 'Here is the body of Mary Lee. For years she kept her virginity. Not a bad record for this vicinity.' There is a sputter and roar as the Orca's diesels kick on. Beg your pardon --", "DISSOLVE TO:": "   ", "ANOTHER ANGLE": "Fins closing in on the wounded shark.", "SHARK FRENZY": "A boil of water and the flash of fins and teeth as the local sharks erupt in a feeding frenzy, jaws snapping, blood spewing, a sudden display of the fury and blind predatory drive of the fearsome species.", "LATER": "The men are in different positions on the boat. Hooper on the flying bridge. Quint in the stern, Brody hanging over the rail, puking. Quint takes a wide red strip of whale meat and a gnarled squid from the garbage pail, and searches for a No. 2 hook rig. He holds up a strip of whale. Quint at ease in his chair, Brody near him, practicing tying knots. The line starts to move, a few feet at a time; both men watch. Then the line whizzes off the reel. Brody jumps up. Hooper springs to the deck. Quint puts his hand on the drag and addresses the situation softly.", "ELLEN'S VOICE": "...push this? Oh. It's working. Hello, Martin? I just wanted to know if you were all right... the Coast Guard let me use their radio. Is Chief Brody there? Well... is everything all right?", "ON DECK": "Quint appears with the harpoon gun. He throws one end of the line to Hooper.", "EXT. OCEAN": "The Orca and its song in the night. In the foreground, the barrel and strobe light flash up into view, and behind them, the big dorsal fin surfaces, and glides ominously towards the ship.", "THE SEA": "The barrels have come to a stop. Delicately, they change course and meander toward the lowered cage.", "SURFACE": "The trailing barrels gong and scratch the keel of the Orca above. Brody and Quint leap back. One of the barrel ropes snakes around the cage rope and pulls taut.", "MASTER ANGLE": "The shark breaks water right beside the Orca, rising with a great whooshing noise. It rises vertically, towering overhead, blocking out the sun. The pectoral fins seem to reach forward."}, "jurassicpark.php": {"ISLA NUBLAR:": "120", "MULDOON:": "Alright now, pushers move in.  Loading team move it. The movement as agitated whatever is inside the crate, and the whole thing shivers as Tasers get in there, Goddamn it! They They're lethal at eight months.  And I do lethal.  I've hunted most things that can hunt you, but the way these things move - - Cheetah speed.  Fifty, sixty miles per hour if they ever got out in the open.  And they're astonishing jumpers. They show extreme intelligence, even problem solving. Especially the big one.  We bred eight originally, but when she came in, she took over the pride and killed all but two of the others.  That one - -when she looks at you, you can see she's thinking (or) working things out.  She's the reason we have to feed 'em like this. That's right.  But they never attack the same place twice.  They were testing the fences for weaknesses. Systematically.  They remembered. Behind them, the crane National Weather Service is tracking a tropical storm about seventy-five miles west of us. Hammond sighs and looks over Arnold's shoulder. I'll keep an eye on it.  Maybe it'll swing south like the last one. Quiet, all if you.  They're coming to the tyrannosaur paddock. There you are!  How many times did I tell you we needed locking mechanisms on the vehicle doors! (into phone) Sustain winds 45 knots. (into phone) Thanks, Steve. The raptor fences aren't out, are they? There's no sign of him anywhere. The game show music is louder and faster now, very annoying. Sure. There they are! They round a corner and come to the top of the hill, where the attack took place.  The jeep skids to a stop and they jump out. The road is rutted, muddy mess.  The cement block house is a pile of rubble.  One of the Explorers is gone, the other stands untouched, both doors hanging open. It could be anywhere.  With the fences out, it can go in and out of any paddock it likes. They hear a It's Malcolm! He shines his light along the length of Malcolm's body.  His shirt is soaked with blood, but his right leg is even worse off.  The right ankle it bent outward at a strange angle from his leg, the trousers flattened, soaked with blood. Malcolm's belt has been twisted around his thigh. Ellie, com one!! Dr. Grant! I don't know. The T-rex They're not here. Ellie desperately searches the ground for any signs of Grant. She finds their footprints.  (desperate) What about the lysine contingency?  We could put that into effect! Listen, which of you knows how to handle a gun? Arnold, who can't quite understand this, races over to the main monitor Where are the breakers? You can't just stroll down the road, you know. I'm going with you. Come on, let's go. Stick to my heels. They start down the path, moving quickly. The shutdown must have turned off all the fences. Goddamn it! Even Nedry knew better than to mess with the raptor fence. 103 Page 119/139 C'mon on, this way. No. We can't. Because we're being hunted.  From the bushes straight ahead. Ellie turns, very slowly, to face the bushes.  At first, she doesn't see anything, but then there's something very faint, like a shifting of the light, and a shadow seems to move in the bush, It's all right. Run, towards the shed.  I've got her. Ellie backs up, down the path, slowly. Muldoon follows behind her, keeping his gun trained in the bushes. The shadow in the bushes moves too, at an even pace with them. Go! Ellie, startled, turns and falls over a log.  She quickly stands and starts to run towards the shed.  Muldoon walks slowly into the bushes. Page 120/139 Clever girl. - - which is where the attack comes from.  With a", "CUT TO:": "2 5 9 11 19       97        131", "DOMINICAN REPUBLIC": "", "ROSTAGNO:": "Tengo mil pesos que dicen que se cae Hola, bienvenido Rostagno leads Gennaro towards the mine.  Dozen of shirtless He sends his apologies. He had to leave early to be with his daughter.  She's getting a divorce. Hammond hates inspections.  They slow everything down. Seguro? Muestrame! (Are you sure? Show me.) The Grant?  You'll never get him out of Montana. Because he's like me.  He's a digger. Rostagno turns and holds the amber up to the sunlight streaming through the mouth of the cave. With the light pouring through it, the amber is translucent, and we can see something inside this strange stone - - Page 5/139 (smiles) Hay que lindo eres vas hacer a much gente feliz. (Oh you're so beautiful.  You will make a lot of people happy)", "GENNARO:": "here? You're telling me that we're facing a $20 million lawsuit from the family of that injured worker and Hammond couldn't even be bothered to see me? I understand that. (or) I'm sorry to hear that. We'd be well advised to deal with this situation now.  The insurance company - - Gennaro almost falls, Rostagno helps him. Juanito, if they pull the funding, that will really slow things down. (or) If they pull the funding that's going to slow things Page 4/139 If two experts sign off on the island, the insurance guys'll back off.  I already got Ian Malcolm, but they think he's too trendy.  They want Alan Grant. Why not? The full fifty mile of perimeter fence are in place? Let's get something straight, John.  This is not a weekend excursion, this is a serious investigation of the stability of the island.  Your investors, whom I represent, are deeply concerned.  Forty-eight hours from now, if they - - (gestures to Grant, Ellie, and Malcolm) We are going to make a fortune with this place. 16 Shhhhh! This is overwhelming, John.  Are these characters (people) animatronics? Page 30/139 Hey!  You can't do that! Too late.  Ellie slips out from under her safety bar too and stomps right across Gennaro's seat. John, we - - what I'm just saying.... And we can charge anything we want!  Two thousand a day, ten thousand a day - - people will pay it!  And then there's the merchandising - - Sure, they will, they will. (laughing) We'll have a - - coupon day or something. Grant looks down, at the plate he's eating from.  It's in the shape of the island itself.  He looks at his drinking cup. It's got a T-rex on it, and a splashy Jurassic Park logo. I've never been a rich man.  I hear it's nice.  Is it nice? Ian Malcolm, who was been watching the screens with outright contempt, Thank you, Dr. Malcolm, but I think things are a little different than you and I feared. Now, wait a second, we haven't even see the park yet. Let's just hold out concerns until - - (or alt. version) Wait - we were invited to this island to evaluate the safety conditions of the park, physical containment. The theories that all simple systems have complex Please - - let's hear something from the others.  Dr. Grant?  I am sorry - - Dr. Sattler? Thank you. One of the Hey!  Where are the brakes? The accident took place in a restricted area.  It would not have been available to the public access.  So how can the safety of the public be called into question? The cars come to the top of a low rise, where a break in the foliage gives them a view down a sloping field that is broken by a river.  The tour voice continues. (keeps talking) The safety.  That's the problem I had to answer. What are we looking for? (to Lex) What's the matter, kid, you never had lamb chops? Uh - - anybody else think we shouldn't be out here? Anybody at all.  Feel free to speak up. Lex stumbles and Grant takes her hand, to stop her from falling. She looks up at him and smiles. Grant smiles back and tries to recover his hand, but Lex holds tight.  He's massively uncomfortable.  Ellie notices. Suddenly they all stop in their tracks.  A huge smile spreads Doctors, if you please - - I have to insist we get moving. Now. Grant turns and follows the others, Lex right in his tracks. Ellie and Harding go back to the triceratops, which is starting to come back to life. As Grant reaches the Explorer, he turns back for one last look at Ellie.  He raises his hand to wave, but she is turned the other way. (sotto) I can't believe we invited Ian Malcolm. How he'll write a butch of (letters) papers, go on Larry King Live, say we're irresponsible - - Tim climbs into the back seat.  Lex hits him with her hat as he moves by her. Hey!  Where did you find those things? Are they heavy? Then they're expensive.  Put them back. He leans back and closes his eyes.  Tim ignores him and puts on the goggles. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Tim stares out the back window of the Explorer with Grant and Malcolm in it, behind them.  The image is bright fluorescent green. (not entirely convinced) What is that?  M-Maybe it's the power trying to come back on. Tim jumps into the back seat and puts the goggles on again. What is what? Tim turns and looks out the side window.  He can see the area where the goat is tethered.  Or was tethered.  The chain is still there, but the goat is gone. Oh, Jesus.  Jesus. Tim whips around to look out the side window again.  His mouth pops open, but no sound comes out.  Through the goggles, he sees an animal claw, a huge one, gripping the cables of the \"electrified\" fence. Tim whips the goggles off and presses forward, against the", "WORKER:": "(to Rostagno) Jefe, encontramos otro mosquito, en el mismo sitio. (Chief, we found another mosquito in the same place)", "GRANT:": "(thoughtfully) Four complete skeletons. . . . such a small area. . . the same time horizon - - The taphonomy sure looks that way. (excited) That's good.  That's right!  They died around a dried-up puddle!  Without fighting each other.  This is looking good. From the bottom of the hill a voice I hate computers. He shoves the claw absent-mindedly into his pocket and he and Ellie walk toward the source of the voice.  As they walk, we get our first look at the badlands.  Exposed outcroppings of crumbling limestone stretch for miles in every direction, not a tree or a bush in sight. What's that kid doing? (to the kid) What are you doing there!? Excuse me!  Can you just back off?  This is very fragile!  Are you out of your mind? Get off that and go find your parents! (to Ellie) (to Ellie) Why do they have to bring their kids?! (to the Volunteer) Ready to give it a shot, Jerry? A Well, where's the fun in that? Yes.  Good shape, too.  Five, six feet high.  I'm guessing nine feet long.  Look at the - - He points to part of the skeleton, but when his finger touches the screen the computer They've got it in for me. The Volunteer Look at the half-moon shaped bone in the wrist.  No wonder these guys learned to fly. Page 9/139 Try to imagine yourself in the Jurassic Period. (or) Try to imagine yourself in the Cretaceous Period. Ellie rolls her eyes. Yeah, I know, you know...kids.  You want to have one of those? Oh, Ellie, look.  They're noisy, they're messy, they're sticky, they're expensive. They do smell.  Some of them smell.. babies smell. They know very little about the Jurassic Period they know less about the Cretaceous. The Cretaceous. Yeah, plenty.  Some of them can't walk! What the hell do you think you're doing in here? The trailer serves as the dig's office.  There are several long wooden tables set up, every inch covered with bone specimens that are neatly laid out, tagged, and labeled. Farther along are ceramic dishes and crocks, soaking other bones in acid and vinegar. Hey, we were saving that! And who in God's name do you think you are....? Mr. - - Hammond? Hammond looks around the trailer approvingly, at the enormous amount of work the bones represent. Uh, this is our paleobotanist, Dr Ellie..... And what are those?  What kind of opinions? What kind of park is it? No, I'm sorry, that wouldn't be possible.  We've just discovered a new skeleton, and - - - - this would be an awfully unusual time - - Try to! Malcolm laughs, finding this very amusing, which confuses Grant. Hammond turns around annoyed.  The movement! Ellie, we can tear up the rule book on cold-bloodedness. It doesn't apply, they're totally wrong!  This is a warm-blooded creature.  They're totally wrong. Page 23/139 (to Hammond) That thing's got a what, twenty-five, twenty-seven foot neck? - - and you're going to sit there and try to tell me it can push blood up a thirty-foot neck without a four-chambered heart and get around like that?!  Like that!? (to Hammond) This is like a knockout punch for warm-bloodedness. Say again? Ellie, they're absolutely - - they're moving in herds. They do move in herds! (to Hammond) How did you do it?! (or) How did you do this?! We're out of a job. Ian Malcolm pops in between them Cloning from What?!  Loy extraction has never recreated an intact Wait a minute!  How do you interrupt the cellular mitosis?!? Can't you stop these things?! (to Malcolm) Let's get outta here! The two of them team up on the safety bars.  Grant shoves his all the way back with one foot and Malcolm does the same.  They stand up and head for the door of the hatchery. My God!  Look! Hammond, Ellie, and Malcolm join him, as does Henry Wu. Blood temperature feels like high eighties. Homoeothermic?  It holds that temperature? (to Wu) Incredible. Malcolm is looking at Hammond, skeptical. (dreading the answer) What species is this? You bred raptors? What are they doing? As they watch, a giant crane lowers something large down into the middle of the jungle foliage inside the pen.  Something very large. It's a steer.  They poor thing looks disconcerted as hell, helpless its in a harness, flailing its legs in the air. I want to see them.  Can we get closer? Ellie puts a hand on his arm, like calming an overexcited child. (introducing himself) Alan Grant.  Tell me, what kind of metabolism do they have?  What's their growth rate? (or) rate of growth. Page 38/139 Fast for biped? Do they show intelligence?  With the brain cavity like theirs we assumed - - I feel - - elated and - - frightened and - - (starts over) The world has just changed so radically.  We're all Page 43/139 Who? What does he mean by \"target audience\"? Hammond turns toward the door of the center and throws his arms out expansively. Oh, yeah - - great. Grant heads for the rear car.  Tim follows. Well, uh, a few species - - may have evolved, uh - - along those lines - - yeah. A mechanical voice intones from Listen, ahh - - Tim.  Which car were you planning on - - She's a deeply neurotic woman. Dilophosaurus. Grant, Malcolm, and Ellie press against the windows. Damn. Will you turn that thing off? Ellie flips a switch and they wait in silence - - except for Malcolm, who looks at the ceiling, thinking aloud. Really? Beautiful.  Is it okay?  Can I touch it? Oh Ellie.  It's so beautiful.  It's the most beautiful thing I ever saw. You have no idea. Ellie, I've been thinking there's something about the periodicity doesn't had up. Triceratops was a constant browser, and constant browsers would be constantly sick. Not just every six weeks. Elm that's it, it explains the periodicity, the - - - - totally incidental (or) unrelated to the feeding pattern - - - - like birds - - - - a gizzard - - - - what happens is that after a while, the stones get smooth, every six weeks, so the animal regurgitates them - - - - and swallows fresh ones. You got any kids? You're married? What'd I touch?! I must've touched something.  This happens all the time. It must be my fault.  Machines hate me. Yeah, they hate me. No. Their radio's out too.  Gennaro said to stay put. Well, I didn't ask.  Why wouldn't they be? What's to be scared about?  It's just a little hiccup in the power. Fine. Malcolm turns and looks out at the driving rain, and the fence that stands between them and the tyrannosaur paddock.  He is scared. Where does he think he's going? Look at that! The T-rex turns and strides quickly back towards them.  It circles, slowly, bending over to look in at them through the window. Grant and Malcolm sit trembling in the front seat, watching as the giant legs stride past their windows. (pause) Relatively. Malcolm freezes as the rex bends down and peers right in through his window.  The dinosaur's giant, yellowing eye is only slightly smaller than the entire pane of glass The T-rex pulls away slightly, then reaches down and We gotta do something. There's gotta be something - - Grant looks around, climbs over the seat.  He tears apart the back area, searching - and finally finds a metal case.  He opens it, finding flares.  He grabs one and moves quickly back to the driver's seat and opens the door. Malcolm grabs a flare, too. Hey!  Hey!  Over here! The T-rex turns and looks at him Grant waves the flare slowly in front of him from side to side. The T-rex follows his moving arm, eyes locked on the flare.  Grant looks over to the wall, and tosses the flare over the edge of the barrier.  The rex lunges after it - - Ian!  Freeze!  Freeze!  Get rid of the flare! Tim!  Lex! Are you okay?  Can you move? (calling into the car) Tim!  Are you okay? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Tim, are you okay? Tim, I'll come back for you.  I'll get Lex out first. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Let's get you out. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Grant reaches in and drags her out. Are you okay?  Good girl. Grant tries to find Tim This way! The back of the car almost crushes them against the barrier - - Grab a hold of me! She wraps her arm around his neck.  He scrambles to the edge of the barrier, and starts to climb down. You're choking me! The car Grab a wire! But he falls short.  His momentum carries them back the other way, but on the second swing Lex manages to grab hold of the second Page 83/139 Hey, come on, don't - - don't -- don't - - just - -just - - stop, stop. He touches her, but it's awfully awkward, more of a pat on the head than anything strong or reassured. But she responds to the contact, hurling herself forward and throwing her arms tightly around his waist.  She clamps here, holding Shhh - - I'm right here, Lex.  I'm going to look after you.  I'm going to help your brother.  I want you to stay here and wait for me, okay? That's not what I'm going to do.  Good! Grant walks to the tree.  Lex scampers into the culvert. Tim?  Tim? Grant comes up to the car and looks in.  That's okay.  Listen, give me your hand. Tim doesn't move. Okay, that's not so bad, ah Tim? It's just like coming out of a tree house.  Did your dad ever build you a tree house, Tim, eh? Me too. (he starts to move down) Okay.  Well, the main thing about climbing is never, never look down, never. Oh, no!  Okay -- okay -- He's trying to get his bearings from the crude, cartoon-like drawing on the map, but it's tough. He looks up, picking a direction, and shoves the map in his pocket decisively. He looks back in at Lex. (walking away) 'Course you could just wait in there while we go back and get help. You'll probably be safe enough (alone) on your own -- I'm trying to use psychology to get you out of the drain, you know! She just stares at him like he's nuts.  Tim shakes his head at Grant, as if to say \"nice try.\"  Grant calms his tone. - - - - - It's safe. Go (and) that's the way we're going to go.  What do you say? Good girl. He kisses her hand and helps her crawl out of the culvert. Tim and Lex nod, and he starts off in the direction he indicated.  They trail behind him. No, I didn't hear anything. (or) No, we're okay. They keep walking, but now Grant is looking around for a safe place to hide.  He looks up, to the towering trees around them. It's okay to call them brontosaurs, Tim.  It's a great name.  It's a romantic name.  It means \"thunder lizard\". Listen to that!  They're singing! (he moves over to a higher branch) Of course no one's ever heard one from a dinosaur before, but - - I could swear that sounds suspiciously to me like a mating call (to me).  In an all-female environment - - Tim, Tim, Tim.... They're just doing what they do. (or) Well the other kind - - (he gets off the branch and goes back to sit with the kids) - - just do what they do. Could you guys possibly cool that for a - - Satisfied, Tim settles in for the night.  Grant shifts too, getting comfortable, but something in his pocket pinches him.  He winces and digs it out.  It's the velociraptor claw he unearthed so long ago in Montana Yesterday, actually.  He looks at it, thinking a million I guess we'll just have to evolve too. I don't know.  What do you call a blind dinosaur? You got me. I'll stay awake. All night. Grant lets the claw fall to the ground. (quietly) It's okay!  It's okay!  It's a brachiosaur! Take a bite, take a bite.  I'm not letting go. Come on, try some.  Take a bite. This is a seventy-seven ton animal.  Come on over, Lex! Just think of it as a big cow.  Look at it's teeth? (he moves in closer) Come here, girl.  This is a seventy-seven ton animal. Just think of it as a big cow! Grant maneuvers in closer.  He reaches out and grabs hold of the You're a beautiful big animal. You know what this is?  It's a dinosaur egg.  The dinosaurs are breeding. Page 108/139 Amphibian Well, on the tour - - the film said they used frog The visitor's center should be just about a mile beyond that rise.  If we keep - - The  Oh, shit. Grant and the kids whirl at the sound, but can't place it, as it seems to come from all around them.  They look back towards the stampede.  The herd spontaneously changes direction again, and now they're headed straight at them. The three of them take off, across the meadow, toward the Watch how it eats! Bet you'll never look at birds the same way again! Tim nods in fascination.  The T-rex pauses in the middle of its meal and Okay.  Keep low.  Follow me. She turns and takes off, running as fast as she can, across the open plain.  Tim and Grant tear themselves away and follow her. It's a bit of a climb.  You guys think you can make it? Well, I guess that means the power's off. Still not trusting the fence, he taps it with his foot.  He Page 118/139 Tim - - you have to let go! C'mon Tim, move down, damn it! Tim, you're gonna have to let go.  I'm going to count to three. Go, go, go, jump! Tim, you're going to have to let go of the fence.  Tim! Get down right now.  Get off the fence!  Now! Timmy, let go!  You're gonna have to let go!  Count to three.  I'll catch you. Tim, I'm right here.  Easy catch.  Easy catch.  Count to Three.. Shhhh.  Tim, I'm right here below you.  Easy catch. One, two, three.  You count it yourself.  One, two, three - - It's am easy catch, you let - - go - - you do the counting, you count it, Tim.  One, two, three -- you do all the counting, okay? Page 125/139 I'm coming up there Tim! I'm coming to get you!  Lex, I've got to get him! Tim, you're okay?  You're okay? C'mon, Tim. Fifteen compressions.  Two deep breaths.   I am gonna have to find the others and get you to a doctor.  Will you look after Tim, Lex? Your hair's all standing up. He gently rearranges Tim's hair, which is wild, all over this head.  Tim looks up at him weakly and manages a smile.  Grant smiles back. (to Ellie) It's just the two raptors, right?  You're sure the third one's contained? Page 130/139 (at the door) Oh, no!  The door locks - - Ellie!  Boot up the door locks!  Boot up the door locks! (to Ellie) Ellie - - get back and boot up the door locks! Ellie, get the gun! (or) Try to reach the gun! What works? The children are fine. Follow me! They move for it, but the raptor's head Mr. Hammond, I've decided not to endorse your Park.", "ELLIE:": "They died together? If they died together, they lived together. Suggests some kind of social order. A drought.  The lake was shrinking - - You could hire your help.  But there's four summers of work here, with the money for one.  And you say it's a learning experience, sort of a vacation, and you get volunteers with kids. He and Ellie arrive to where several Want to watch the computer? Ellie quietly moves her out of Grant's way, to a place she can see. How long does this usually take? (shakes her head) Postmortem contraction of the posterior neck ligaments. (to Grant) Velociraptor? He touched it.  Dr. Grant is not machine compatible. (under her breath) Here we go. You know, if you really wanted to scare the kid you could've just pulled a gun on him. Well, not one of those, well yeah, a possibly one at some point could be a good thing.  What's so wrong with kids? Cheap, cheap, cheap. Oh my god, they do not!  They don't smell. Alright, the one on the airplane had an accident, but usually babies don't smell. The what? Anything else, you old fossil? It frustrates me so much that I love you, that I need to strangle you right now! Ellie playfully takes Grant's hat off and gives him a tight hug. They kiss. A strange wind seems to be whipping up.  Grant and Ellie look around, confused.  The wind is getting stronger, blowing dirt and sand (to the volunteers) Get some canvasses and cover anything that's exposed! Grant's already on it, trying to desperately to protect the skeleton he's excavating.  He looks up at the helicopter and Okay, who's the jerk? Sattler. Grant Dr Sattler.  Ellie, this is Mr. Did I say jerk? I have samples all over the kitchen. (she takes some stones out of one of the glasses) Page 14/139 Small versions of adults, honey. He gives her a dirty look. Why would they care what we think? Where's the plane? (shaking her head) No. Alan - - But Grant's not paying attention.  He's staring too, out the other side of the jeep. Grant notices that several of the tree trunks are leafless - just as thick as the other trees, but gray and bare. The - - agility.  You're right! In their amazement, Grant and Ellie talk right over each other. They were wrong.  Case closed.  This thing doesn't live in a swamp to support it's body weight for God's sake! Several of the top branches are suddenly You've got a T-rex!? (to Grant) He's got a T-rex!  A T-rex!  He said he's- - Honey, put your head between your knees, and breathe. Hammond walks in front of them and looks out. Page 24/139 We were right! So what are you thinking? Paleo-DNA?  From what source?  Where do you get 100 million year old dinosaur blood?! Can't we see the unfertilized host eggs?! But the cars are already moving on to another set of windows, which give a glimpse into what looks like a control room. Oh my God. \"You can't control anything.\"  I agree with that.  I like that. She walks over to Malcolm, he smiles at her, too warmly. I get ah - - And scary. When people try to control things that it's out of their power - - Anti-nature. Grant doesn't notice, as he's still obsessed with the infant dinosaur, measuring and weighing it on a nearby lab bench.  He stops, a strange look on his face.  He knows what this animal is - - but it can't be. Oh my God. Alan, these aren't bones anymore. The fences are electrified, right? The question is - - how much can you know about an extinct ecosystem, and therefore, how could you assume you can control it?  You have plants right here in this building, for example, that are poisonous.  You picked them because they look pretty, but these are aggressive living things that have no idea what century they're Oh thank you so much.  So you'll see you later then. Hammond turns and head back towards the Visitor's Center. Oh, shit. Alan, where? Grant and the others sit back, disappointed. (finishing it for him) Dinosaur eats man.  Woman inherits the Earth. I'm still not clear on Chaos. Uh - - thumb! (or) The same way. Alan, listen to this. Oh, imperfections? Unpredictability.... Alan? Alan? She jumps out too and follows him into the field. Alan?  Where are we going?  You see something? Yours was fully illustrated, honey. Timmy, Timmy. It's my favorite. They both kneel, checking the animal. He furrows his bow, noticing something, all professional curiosity now.  The animal's tongue, dark purple, droops limply from its mouth. Yeah, baby girl, it's okay. She scratches the tongue with her fingernail.  A clear liquid leaks from the broken blisters. Micro vesicles.  That's interesting. Grant, fascinated, wanders all the way around to the back of the animal.  Harding joins Ellie and hands her his penlight. Six weeks? She takes the penlight from the veterinarian and shines it in the animal's eyes. These are dilated.  Take a look. That's pharmacological.  From local plant life. She turns and studies the surrounding landscape.  Her mind's really at work, puzzling over each piece of foliage. Are you sure? There's only one way to be positive.  I need to see some droppings. (or) I have to see the dinosaur's droppings. Yeah. She walks way, Malcolm looks on. (to Harding) You're right.  There's no trace of lilac berries. That's so weird, though.  She shows all the classic signs of Meliatoxicity, (thinking aloud) Every six weeks - - I know. Tim holds one of the smooth rocks up and calls out, a little timidly. Constantly sick. Yeah, I know. What's that? A light goes on in her eyes. Alan - - gizzard stones! She throws Grant one of the stones.  They look at each other in amazement. As before, when they get excited, they talk right over each other. - - the undigested state of the berries because it's - - (turning to Tim) It's simple, see.  Some animals like her, don't have teeth - - - - like birds.  What happen is, they swallow the stones and hold them in a muscular sack in their stomachs - - (for Tim) - - barfs them up - - And when she swallows the stones, she swallows the poison berries too.  That's what makes her sick. (impressed) Good work Tim. She looks at Grant pointedly.  Tim looks up at Grant too, smiling from ear to ear.  Grant Oh, you know, if it's alright, I'd like to stay with Dr. Harding and finish with the trike.  Is that okay? (to Grant) I'll catch up with you.  You can go with the others. I'll just finish.  Yeah, I want to finish. There is a lightning flash now, with a tooth-rattling Are we getting anywhere with these procedures of yours? I mean, what's hanging us up? (stands, joins the group at the computer) What one? He points to his computer screen, to a specific series of commands.  The others crowed over his shoulder and stare at the screen. How many lines of code are there? Two million - - great.  That would help. (or) Oh good, that'll take no time. I'm going with him. They head for the door.  Hammond turns, staring out the windows at the front of the control room.  He's gone pale, and he's sweating, wrapped up in million thoughts.  Behind him, Ray Arnold's voice calls to him, but he doesn't hear it. Page 85/139 Oh, God.  Where's the other car? She runs to the Explorer.  Muldoon follows, looking around. He's put a tourniquet on.  Ian!  Ian! Malcolm Can we chance moving him? Lex!  Tim! She turns and looks back at the empty road.  She's on the verge of tears, but is fighting them back. No, no, no! She walks to the edge of the road, her eyes following the deep ruts the Explorer made when it went over the edge.  Muldoon gets ready to leave. The other car! Alan! They find the wrecked Explorer.  Muldoon peers inside, looking for anything. Do you see anything? Alan?! Look! Wit her flashlight, she follows the trail the footprints made. They lead into the jungle and disappear. Oh. Ellie and Muldoon get into the jeep, Muldoon in the driver's seat. Faster, faster! Faster!  Shit, shit, shit, faster! Faster, faster! - - but Muldoon Malcolm's okay for now.  I gave him a shot of morphine. Carousel. But you can't think through this one.  You have to feel it. Page 104/139 John, John.  John, you're still building onto that Flea Circus, that illusion.  And now you're adding onto it by what you're doing here.  That's the illusion. Control?!  You never had control!  I was overwhelmed by the power of this place.  So I made a mistake too.  I didn't have enough respect for that power, and it's out now.  You're sitting here trying to pick up the pieces. John, there's nothing worth picking up.  The only thing that matters now are the people we love.  Alan, Lex, and Wait a minute.  What exactly does this mean? Hammond turns to her, the twinkle back in his eye. But would we get the phones back? What's that? How would we cut off the lysine? Seven days?!  Seven days?!  Oh, great.  Oh good - - clever. (hushed voice) How long will this take? Ian - - Malcolm looks at her. - - shut up. Something's happened.  Something went wrong. John.... I can't wait anymore.  Something went wrong.  I'm going to go get the power back on. Okay. Muldoon Talk. (or) Right. (or) (nothing) Ellie gets a couple of walkie-talkies from the shelf and shoves Why? Look. We'll discuss sexism in survival situations when I get back. (she backs towards the door) You just take me through this step by step.  I'm on channel two. (on the radio) Okay, I'm on channel two. Oh my God.  Aw, God. I can see the shed from here!  We can make it if we run! Muldoon walks slowly, as if he heard something. Why not? Like hell it is! Muldoon raises his weapon slowly to his shoulder. (into the radio) Piping...okay... following the piping.  It goes back up the stairs and across the stairs... following the stairs. Mr. Arnold?  He's not answering me.  Okay I'm on the grating. Okay, I'm following the tubing.  I'm going down a passage way.  How long does this stuff go for?  Could you guys talk a little bit to me? (into the radio) Okay - - I see the gray box. Page 122/139 I see it! 109 It's charged, okay! Run! Grant takes off running towards her, not even looking back. He races up, and she runs into his arms. Yes, unless they figured out how to open doors. Control room. We've got to reboot the system first! She sits at the computer and studies the screen.  It's flashing to her, dominated by a maze-like grid.  She studies it, confused.  You can't hold it by yourself!", "VOLUNTEER:": "Thumper ready? Fire. The This new program's incredible!  A few more years of development and you don't have to dig any more! Grant looks at him, and his expression is positively wounded. It looks a little distorted, but I don't think that's the computer. What's you do?", "MAN:": "Ready. Ah hah! He pulls it out - the cork", "KID:": "That doesn't look very scary.  More like a six-foot turkey. Everyone sort of draws in their breath and steps aside, revealing the", "HAMMOND:": "For today, I guarantee it. I can see my fifty thousand a year as been well spent. The door I'm sorry for the dramatic entrance, but I'm in a hurry. Will you have a wee bit of a drink now and then? Hammond begins to walk into the kitchen, making himself at home. Ellie follows him tries to help.  Grant settles behind the table. Come along.  I know my way around a kitchen.  Come along. Ellie goes around towards Grant.  She grabs a bottle of water. They look at each other, really aback by this guy's bravado, and site down.  Hammond dries the glasses. Not just kids - - for everyone.  We're going to open next year.  Unless the lawyers kill me first.  I don't care for lawyers.  You? Well, I'm afraid I do.  There's one, a particular pebble in my shoe.  He represents my investors.  He says they insist on outside opinions. Not to put a fine point on it, your kind.  Let's face it, in your particular field, you're the top minds.  If Page 15/139 (smiles) Well, it's - - right up your alley. (hands Grant a drink) Look, why don't you both (the pair of you) come on down for the weekend.  Love to have the opinion of a paleobotoanist as well. (pours himself a drink) I could compensate you by fully funding your dig For a further three years. Grant You'll have to get use to Dr. Malcolm!  He suffers from a deplorable excess of personality, especially for a mathematician! Codswollop!  Ian, you've never come close to explaining these concerns of yours about this island! (pushing him away) Don't do that! I bring scientists -- you bring a rock star. Hammond looks out the windshield, and There it is! Up ahead, the others see it. And the concrete moats, and the motion sensor tracking systems.  Donald, dear boy, do try to relax and enjoy yourself. Just stop here, stop here.  Slow, slow. He slows down, then stops.  So does the front jeep. The brachiosaur?  Thirty. Grant and Ellie continue to walk. (proudly) We clocked the T-rex at thirty-two miles an hour. Yes, we have a T-rex. Grant feels faint.  He sits down on the ground. Dr. Grant, my dear Dr. Sattler.  Welcome to Jurassic Park. They turn and look at the view again.  It's beautiful vista, reminiscent of an African plain.  A whole herd of dinosaurs crosses the plain, maybe a hundred that we see in a quick glance alone. I'll show you. Finally, we notice Gennaro, who was sort of faded into the background while the others reacted.  He's just staring, a look of absolute rapture on his face. He speaks in a voice that is hushed and reverent. (continuing) - - the most advanced amusement park in the world, combining all the latest technologies.  I'm not talking rides, you know.  Everybody has rides.  We made a living biological attractions so astonishing they'll capture the imagination of the entire planet! Why don't you all sit down. Well!  Mr. All this has some dramatic music - - da dum da dum da dum dum - - march or something, it's not written yet, and the tour moves on - - He throws a switch and safety bars appear out of nowhere and drop over their seats, For your own safety! The row of seats moves out of the auditorium. No, we don't have any animatronics here.  These are the real miracle workers of Jurassic Park. Shortly, shortly.... Sorry!  It's kind of a ride! Relax, Donald, relax.  They're scientists,  They ought to be curious. (he steps up to the code box) It's a retinal scanner. He pushes various code numbers.  The door opens.  He steps aside, and the group eagerly goes up the stairs. Relax Donald, relax.  They're scientists.  They ought to be curious. Hammond reaches the door,  Grant tries to pry it open. Come on in. Henry, why didn't you tell me?  you know I insist on being here when they're born. Hammond puts on a pair of plastic gloves. The egg begins to crack.  The robotic arm moves away....a Come on, then, out you come. There you are.  Out you come. Could I have a tissue please? Wu? Your silence intrigues me. Watch her head - support her head. Grant, ignoring the others, picks up the baby dinosaur, and holds it on the palm of his hand, under the incubator's heat light.  He spreads the tiny animal out on the back of his hand and delicately runs his finger over its tail, counting the vertebrae.  A look of puzzled recognition crosses his face. Dr. Grant, Dr. Grant?  Uh - -we planned to show you the raptors later, after lunch. But Grant has stopped abruptly next to the Velociraptor pen, which we recognize as the heavily fortified cage we some earlier, which the San Quentin towers at one end. Grant stands right up against the fence, eyes wide, dying for a Feeding them. (moving along) Alejandro is preparing a delightful meal for us.  A Chilean sea bass, I believe.  Shall we? Grant goes up to the viewing deck.  The others follow, staring as the steer disappears into the shroud of foliage.  The line from the Fascinating animals, fascinating. Give time, they'll out draw the T-rex.  Guarantee it. We're - - still perfecting a viewing system.  The raptors seem to be a bit resistant to integration into a park setting. A Robert.  Robert Muldoon, my game warden from Kenya.  Bit of an alarmist, I'm afraid, But he's dealt with the raptors more than anyone. Yes, yes, yes, which is why we take extreme precautions. They viewing area below us will have eight-inch tempered glass set in reinforced steel frames to - - Who's hungry?  After you, my dear. None of these attractions have been finished yet.  The park will open with the basic tour you're about to take, and then other rides will come on line after six or twelve months.  Absolutely spectacular designs.  Spared no expense. More slides Donald, this park was not built to carter only to the super rich.  Everyone in the world's got a right to enjoy these animals. (on tape) - - from combined revenue streams for all three parks should reach eight to nine billion dollars a year - - (to Gennaro) That's conservative, of course.  There's no reason to speculate wildly. You don't give us our due credit.  Our scientists have done things no one could ever do before. But this is nature!  Why not give an extinct species a second chance?!  I mean, Condors. Condors are on the verge of extinction - - if I'd created a flock of them on the island, you wouldn't be saying any of this! (or) have anything to say at all! I don't understand this Luddite attitude, especially from a scientist.  How could we stand in the light of discovery and not act? Dr. Grant, if there's one person who can appreciate all of this - - (or) What am I trying to do? But Grant speaks quietly, really thrown by all of this. I don't believe it.  I expected you to come down here and defend me from these characters and the only one I've got on my side it the bloodsucking lawyer!? Ah - - they're here. You four are going to have a little company out in the park.  Spend a little time with our target audience. Maybe they'll help you get the spirit of this place. (bellowing) You must be careful with me.  Did you like the helicopter? Have a heart gentlemen.  Their parents are getting a divorce and they need the diversion. Brakes?  No.  No brakes.  They're electric cars, guided by this track in the roadway, and totally non-polluting, top of the line! Spared no expense.  Have fun.  I'll be watching you from the control (or) back in control. (to Ellie) Come along, my dear.  You'll ride in the second car, I can promise you you'll have a real wonderful time. Why didn't I build in Orlando? (a deep breath) Ray, start the tour program. He punches a button on the console. By the way, that's James Earl Jones (or) Richard Kiley. We spared no expense! Dennis, our lives are in your hands and you have butterfingers. The Technician turns around his chair and extends his arms in a Christ-like pose.  As we get a good look at him, we get the sinking feeling that we've seen him somewhere before.  And we have.  I'm sorry about your financial problems.  I really am. But they are your problems. I will not get drawn into another financial conversation with you, Dennis.  I really will not. I don't blame people for their mistakes, but I do ask that they pay for them. I really hate that man. Stop the program!  Stop the program! You're sure we have to? (nods) Tell them when they get back to the cars. Damn! Rotten luck, this storm.  Get my grandchildren on the radio will you?  I don't want them to worry about a wee bit of rain. Arnold reaches for the hand microphone. So how much for our first tour.  Two no-shows and one sick triceratops. Okay, okay, okay, okay, that's enough!  Ahh! Nedry turns, stretches one finger out to his screen, and selects an option. What? Well, Nedry said a few systems would go off-line, didn't he? 51 What now? (to Muldoon, pissed) Find Nedry!  Check the vending machines! (to Arnold) Use Nedry's terminal.  Get it all back on.  He can de- bug later. Why the hell would he turn the others off?! Call Nedry's people in Cambridge! Arnold whisks across the floor in his chair and snatches up the nearest phone.  He punches for an outside line. Where did the vehicles stop? I will kill Nedry.  I will kill him. Muldoon bursts through the door. (to Muldoon) Well? Ray will you please switch off (or) stop that music?! Robert - - I wonder if perhaps you would be kind (or) good enough to take a gas jeep and bring back my grandchildren. They were all melting. (or) It was all melting. Ellie just nods. They'll all be fine.  Who better to get the children through Jurassic Park than a dinosaur expert? Ellie nods.  Another pause.  Hammond breaks it again. A carousel - - and a seesaw.  They all moved, motorized of course, but people would swear they could see the fleas.  But with this place, I - - I wanted to give (show) them something real, something that wasn't an illusion, something they could see and (feel) touch.  An aim devoid of (without) merit. You're absolutely right.  Yes, you're right.  Hiring Nedry was a mistake, that's obvious.  We're over- dependent on automation, I can see that now.  But that's all correctable for the next time around. (When) Once we have control again we - - Spared no expense. We're talking, my dear, about a calculated risk, which is the only option left to us.  We will never find the command - - shutting down the system is the only way to guarantee wiping out everything he did. If I understand correctly, all the system will come back on their original start-up modes correct? It's absolutely out of the question. Hammond walks away from the group.  I think perhaps I'll just sit down.  I don't suppose you think all that much of me now, do you? That will teach you to trust Grandpa. Just to be safe, I'd like to have everybody in the emergency bunker until Mr. Arnold returns, and the whole system is back on its feet again. This is just a delay, that's all this is.  All major theme parks have had delays.  When they opened Disneyland in 1956, nothing worked, nothing. Bob, let's not be too hasty.  He's only been gone - - (he looks at his watch) Muldoon walks over to a steel cabinet.  Ellie joins him. Sorry. Ellie and Muldoon join Hammond. But you know, I should really be the one going (to go). Well, because you're a - - I'm a - - Good!  Keep going, now.  The cable will terminate in a big, gray box. Grant?!  The children alright? Thank God. Grant!  After careful consideration, Dr. Grant - - so have", "Another Legend:": "", "NEDRY:": "Dodgson! Dodgson hurries over to the table. Dodgson, Dodgson. (loud) We got Dodgson here!  See, nobody cares.  Nice hat. What are you trying to look like, a secret agent? table, and slides it towards Nedry, Oh, I'll get 'em all. What?  No menthol? That's up to your guy on the boat.  Seven o'clock tomorrow night, at the east dock. Make sure he got it right. I got an eighteen minute window.  Eighteen minutes, and your company catches up on ten years of research. A I am totally unappreciated in my time.  We can run the whole park from this room, with minimal staff, for up to three days.  You think that kind of automation is easy? Or cheap? You know anybody who can network eight Connection Machines and de-bug two million lines of code for what I bid this job?  Because I'd sure as hell like You're right, John.  You're absolutely right. Everything's my problem. Page 51/139 I don't think there's been any debate.  There's no debate...my mistakes.... Thanks, Dad. I'll de-bug the tour program when they get back.  Okay? It'll eat a lot of computer cycles; parts of the system may go down for a while - - Don't blame me.  If I am playing...losing memory.... (low voice) No, no.  You stick to the plan.  You wait till they're back from the tour. No, no, listen to me.  You've got to give me this time. I did a test run on this thing and it took me twenty minutes.  I thought I could do it in fifteen - - you've got to give me fifteen minutes. I'll be there in ten! Arnold Anybody want a Coke?  Anybody what some from the machines?  Or a soda or something?  I had too many sweets. (or) I thought I'd get something sweet. Hammond and Arnold shake their heads.  Nedry starts to leave, Two - - one - - On cue, the security lock panel goes dark and the door Shit! He throws the door open and hurries to the fallen Shoulda been there by now - - shoulda been there - - He hauls it around a corner and looks down, checking his watch. When he looks back up, his eyes go wide. There's a white wood guard rail fence, right in front of him. He stands on the brakes as hard as he can.  The jeep fishtails, skidding out of control in the mud towards the fence. That's nice.  Gotta go. I'm getting out of here.  C'mon you can make it! He secures the winch and starts across the road, back up the embankment.  He freezes, as he feels something behind him.  He turns around slowly and", "DODGSON:": "(as he sites) You shouldn't use my name. Seven fifty. Remember - - viable embryos.  They're no use to us if they don't survive. The bottom screws open; it's cooled and compartmentalized inside.  They can even check it if they want.  Press the top. Nedry presses the top of the can and real shaving cream comes out.  He grins, impressed.  While Dodgson talks, Nedry looks around for somewhere to wipe the shaving cream and ends up dumping it on top of Mr Nedry, Mr Nedry.  The embryos have to be back here in San Jose by then. I was wondering, how are you planning to beat the security?", "MALCOLM:": "So you two dig up dinosaurs? Chaotician, actually!  Chaotician! Hammond John doesn't subscribe to Chaos, particularly what it has to say about his little science project! I certainly have!  Very clearly!  Because of the behavior of the system in phase space! Hammond just waves him off. (poking at Hammond's knee) John, John. Dr. Grant, Dr. Sattler -- you've heard of Chaos Theory? No?  Non-linear equations?  Strange attractions? (again, she shrugs) Dr. Sattler, I refuse to believe that you are not familiar with the concept of attraction! Grant just rolls his eyes as Malcolm gives her an oily grin, but Ellie smiles, enjoying Grant's jealousy.  Hammond turns to Gennaro and You did it.  You crazy son of a bitch, you did it. Grant and Ellie continue walking, following the dinosaur. Don't you mean \"extinct\"? Ellie and Malcolm move on ahead. Not without massive sequence gaps! Surely not the ones that have bred in the wild? How do you know they can't breed? John, the kind of control you're attempting is not possible.  If there's one thing the history of evolution has taught us, it's that life will not be contained. Life breaks free.  It expands to new territories.  It crashes through barriers.  Painfully, maybe even.. dangerously, but and...well, there it is. I'm simply saying that life - - finds a way. That's right.  Will break through. I know, it's very exciting. And scary. It's anti-nature. The lack of humility before nature that's been displayed here staggers me. They all turn and look at him. Yes, I know.  They're a lot worse. Don't you see the danger, John, inherent in what you're doing here?  Genetic power is the most awesome force ever seen on this planet.  But you wield it like a kid who's found his dad's gun. Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could that they didn't stop to think if they should.  Science can create pesticides, but it can't tell us not to use them.  Science can make a nuclear reactor, but it can't tell us not to build it! Hold on - - this is no species that was obliterated by deforestation or the building of a dam.  Dinosaurs had their shot.  Nature selected them for extinction. There's nothing that great about discovery. (or) What's so great about discovery?  It's a violent, penetrative act that scars what it explores.  What you call discovery I call the rape of the natural world! (too eagerly; to Grant) I'll ride with Dr. Sattler. (or) I'm going to ride with Dr. Sattler. He turns and walks over to Ellie.  Grant frowns, not liking this one bit.  He moves to follow, but God creates dinosaurs.  God destroys dinosaurs.  God creates man.  Man destroys God.  Man creates dinosaurs. Now, eventually you do plan to have dinosaurs on your dinosaur tour, right? You see?  The tyrannosaur doesn't obey set patterns or park schedules.  It's the essence of Chaos. It simply deals with unpredictability in complex systems.  It's only principle is the Butterfly Effect. A butterfly can flap its wings in Peking and in Central Page 54/139 I made a fly by, I go too fast. Looking out of the opposite window, Grant sees movement at the far end of a field.  He sits bolt upright, trying to get a better look. Malcolm, looking for another example - - It changed.  Why? (or) Okay, back over your wrist. (then) Because and here is the principle of tiny variations - - the orientations of the hairs - - Microscopic - - never repeat, and vastly affect the outcome.  That's what? And even if we haven't seen it yet, I'm quite sure it's going on in this park right now. There's definitely something out in that field, and Grant has to see it. He jerks on the door handle and opens his door a few inches.  He looks outside towards freedom, then looks around to is anybody's No one could have predicted Dr. Grant would suddenly jump out of a moving vehicle! See?  Here I am now, by myself, talking to myself - - that's Chaos Theory!  What the hell am I doing here? I'm the only one who knows what's going on, etc, etc.... That is one big pile of shit. Ellie has plastic gloves on the reach up to her elbows, and is just withdrawing her hand from the middle of the dung. to Grant) She's, uh - - tenacious. to Ellie) You will remember to wash your hands before you eat anything? Me?  Oh, hell yes.  Three. (glowing) I love 'em.  I love kids.  Anything at all can and does happen. He takes a flask from jacket pocket and unscrews the top.  His expression darkens. Occasionally.  Always on the lookout for the future ex- Mrs. Malcolm. By the way, Dr. Sattler - she's not like, uh, available, is she? - - Why?  Oh, I'm sorry.  Are you two, uh - - are?  I wish you the best luck. The cars jerk to a stop.  The lights in the vehicles and along the road go out, plunging them into blackness.  Grant jerks his hands away from the steering column, immediately assuming it's his fault. You haven't touched (or) didn't touch anything.  We're stopping. (or) We've stopped. Machines hate you? You want to talk about this? The kids okay? Kids get scared. I didn't say I was scared. I know. When you gotta go, you gotta go. Malcolm looks the other way, out the passenger window.  As he watches, the fence begins to buckle, its post collapsing into themselves, the wires What was that all about?  - - Grant now turns and watches as, ahead of them, the Boy, do I hate being right all the time. You're sure?! Oh my God! What?  What can we do? Remind me to talk John for a lovely weekend. The T-rex Please - - chance it. Muldoon lays Malcolm as carefully as possible in the back of the jeep. Where are the kids? Ellie looks around. Uh - - anybody?  Anybody hear that? It's a - - an impact tremor is what it is, it, uh - - Gotta move, gotta get out of here.  Let's go - we gotta go, we gotta get out of here, right now!  Go, go!  Let's hurry, let's get out of here! They stop talking.  The Move now!  Let's go, let's go, right now, right now! The tyrannosaur  Must go faster, it's getting closer - must go faster! Must go faster, go, go.  Open it up, 5th gear, 5th gear! Here it comes!  Stand on it!  Fifth - stand on it, 5th gear, go! - - which means they don't see the half-fallen tree branch right in front of them, blocking the path of the road.  Muldoon looks back first, Think they'll have that on the tour? How soon before they become comatose? How long before they slip into unconsciousness? That'll - it'd be a first; man and dinosaur all die together.  John's plan. (he raises a hand) Hammond finally loses his cool. He You're all right, John You're okay.  It's just you don't have intelligence.  You have \"thinktelligence.\"  You think narrowly and call it \"being focused.\"  You don't see the consequences.  You're very good at solving problems, at getting answers - - but you just don't know the right questions. Yes? Yes. (to Hammond) It's not a criticism, by the way. Finally, Arnold turns back to the box.  He flips the row of safety switches back again, then hesitates by the main switch. It's not working. Wait a minute?  What do you mean \"worked\"?  Everything is still off! But, John.  But if the Pirates of the Caribbean breaks down, the pirates don't eat the tourists. Another pause.  More pacing. Page 116/139", "MR. DNA": "From your blood!  Just one drop of your blood contains billions of strands of A  Thinking Machine supercomputers and gene sequencers break down the strand in minutes - - One (straining) - - to fill in the - - holes and - -complete - - the - - (finally getting it) - - code!  Whew! He brushes his hands off, satisfied.", "INTHATCHERY/NURSERYDAY": "The hatchery is a vast, open room, bathed in infrared light. Long tables run the length of the place, all covered with eggs, their pale outlines obscured by hissing low mist that's all through the room.", "WU:": "Oh, good day, Sir. Ah, perfect timing!  I'd hoped they'd hatch before I had to go to the boat. Actually, they can't breed in the wild.  Population control is one of our security precautions here.  There is no unauthorized breeding in Jurassic Park. Page 33/139 Because all the animals in Jurassic Park are females. (I've) We engineered them that way. Hammond keeps his attention trained on the new dinosaur. Right away (certainly).  Coming right up. The animal is now free, Hammond sets in don carefully next to its shell.  Grant picks it up and holds it in the palm of his hand, under the incubator's heat light. Ninety-one. Grant picks up the large, broken half-shell, but the robotic arm snatches it back out of his hand, and puts it down. We control their chromosomes.  It's not that difficult. All vertebrate embryos are inherently female anyway.  It takes an extra hormone at the right developmental stage to create a male, and we simply deny them that. You're implying that a group of composed entirely of females will breed? Uh - - it's a Velociraptor. Grant and Ellie turn slowly and look at each other, then look at Hammond, astonished. Page 36/139", "VOICE (O.S.)": "They should all be destroyed. They turn and look at the man who spoke.  Welcome to Jurassic Park.  You are now entering the lost world of the prehistoric past, a world - - To the right, you will see a herd of the first dinosaurs on our tour, called Dilophosaurus. One of the earliest carnivores, we now know Dilophosaurus is actually poisonous, spitting its venom at its prey, causing blindness and eventually paralysis, allowing the carnivore to eat at its leisure.  This makes Dilophosaurus a beautiful, but deadly addition to Jurassic Park. The mighty tyrannosaurus arose late in the dinosaur history.  Dinosaurs ruled the earth for hundred and Page 52/139", "MALCOLMGENNARO:": "If I may....It is hardly appropriate to start hurling Excuse me, excuse me - -generalizations before - - I'll tell you.", "LEX:": "We miss you. We love the presents. (points at Ellie) She said I should ride with you because it would be good for you. Grant looks over at Ellie, annoyed. Shhh. What's going to happen to the goat?  He's going to eat the goat?! I happen to be a vegetarian. Come back here, blanket head. Fearless, Tim walks forward behind Grant. (a little dreamy) I think Dr. Grant is really - - smart. Don't scare me. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -????- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Tim finds something under the seat and sits up abruptly, holding what looks like a heavy-duty pair of safety goggles. What is that? (freaking out) He left us!  He left us alone!  Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant! He left us!  He left us! I'm sorry - - I'm sorry - - I don't know, I don't know.  I'm sorry - - I don't know!  I'm sorry! The Kids look up, through the sunroof, as the head goes higher, and higher, and higher, and then the rex turns, looks straight down at them through the sunroof, opens its mouth wide and - - - - Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant! He lays on the ground, looking inside, and sees Lex staring up at him, conscious, her face covered in mud. He's knocked out!  He's knocked out!  Dr. Grant!  Dr. Grant!  Daddy, daddy! (screaming) Timmy!  Timmy! The cable is slick with rain, and it's all Grant can do to hang on as he and Lex slide rapidly down.  Above them, the vehicle is now teetering over the edge, threatening to drop right on top of them if they didn't hurry. I got it! The car falls.  Lex and Grant are clear by inches, clinging to the second cable. Timmy! The car Dad - - Dad - - He left us!  He left us! Liar!  You said you wouldn't leave! It's safe? It's safe. Alright. - - - - - Hear that? (or) Are you hearing this? Why are we hurrying if there's nothing wrong? They don't bother me. No, no, sh, sh, sh - - stop!  Stop! Stop!  Don't let the monsters come over here! They're not monsters, Lex. They're just animals.  And these are herbivores. Oh, I hate the other kind. Dorkatops! What if the dinosaur comes back while we're all asleep? (skeptical) All night? Go away! I like cows. Come on girl, up here. She barely touches the thing on the tip of its nose - - - - and it (as she wipes off some of the wet and throws it at Tim) I'm a hacker! What? What's that? I wanna go - -now! But Grant and Tim are transfixed, watching the T-rex. Let's go! Way too high. Grant grabs a stick and climbs up on the ledge.  He looks at the warning light on the fence.  It's out.  He pokes the wire with a stick. No sparks fly That's not funny. Timmy!  The power is coming down, quick! Jump, Timmy!  It's too late! Do as he says!  The power's coming back, Timmy! Timmy!  Do as he says!  Timmy!  Do as Dr. Grant says, quick! You're gonna get electrocuted (or) electrified!  The power's coming back! You're gonna get electrocuted (or) electrified! Timmy, listen to Dr. Grant! (scared as hell) Yes. Grant nods.  He looks at Tim for a second. It's in there! We can call for help?! This is a Unix system.  I know this.  It's the files for the whole park.  It's like a phone book - -it tells you everything. - - and then her fingers start to fly over the keyboard.  Tim watches, amazed, as the computer starts to respond to Lex's commands. There it is, I got it! This is it, I did it.  Yes, yes! - - and the door latch panel Phone security systems, everything works.  You ask for it, we got it!", "TIM:": "Thanks for the presents. It was great!  It drops, we were dropping! Grant looks on. I read your book. You really think dinosaurs turned into birds?  And that's where all the dinosaurs went? Grant opens the door of the rear car and climbs in.  Tim follows. Because they sure don't look like birds to me.  I heard a meteor hit the earth and made like this one hundred mile crater someplace down in Mexico - - Tim. Whichever one you are. Grant goes to the front car again, opens the rear door, and holds it for Tim, who climbs in the back seat, rattling on and on. Then I head about this thing in Dilophosaurus. There's nothing there! (in heaven) Excellent. Hey!  I want to go with them! So like I was saying, there's this other book by a guy named Bakker?  And he said dinosaurs died of a bunch of Page 57/139 And his book was a lot fatter than yours. These look kind of familiar. I've seen pictures of these! Grant turns and looks at him, a little annoyed. In your fully illustrated book. Grant just rolls his eyes, but Ellie comes over and checks out Page 63/139 What are you guys saying? Up and down, up and down! People were gettin' bloody noses - - things on your head - - aneurisms - - Yeah. Oh, cool!  Night vision! As Tim watches, the door of the rear Explorer opens, and a hand reaches out, holding an empty canteen out to catch some rain water. Did you feel that? (or) Can you feel that? She don't answer. Tim leans over to the front passenger seat and looks at the two plastic cups of water that sit in the recessed holes on the dashboard. Please!  Please! Turn it off, Lex!  Turn it off! Tim climbs over the seat and joins Lex. I'm stuck.  The seat's got my feet! I threw up. Yes it is. No. This is impossible.  How am I going...I can't make it. This is...it's about fifty feet. What if the car falls? (or) What if the wheels fall? The car (following Grant) That's a good idea. I doubt it. What if we fall?  I hate trees. I hate trees! Yeah, you weren't in that last one. Now, near the top of the tree, the three of them sit there, dangling their legs, looking out over the park. It's an incredible view.  They can see in all directions.  And with the full moon, there's a lot of detail. Most striking of all are dozens of sauropod heads, at the end of (digging that) \"Thunder lizard!\" Grant finds a solid web of branch and settles himself in it, leaning back against the trunk of the tree, with a little room on either side of him. Lex nestles up next to him on the branch.  Grant is surprised, but accepts it. That means they only eat vegetables.  But for you, I think they'd make an exception. Straight-A brainiac! What do you call a blind dinosaur? A Do-you-think-he-saurus. What do you call a blind dinosaur's dog? A Do-you-think-he-saurus Rex. Grant laughs.  Both kids finally close their eyes, but after a moment, Lex pops hers open again. Veggiesaurus, Lex, Veggiesaurus! But Lex isn't taking any chances and scrambles back, away from its mouth.  Tim and Grant come together on the branch, just staring at the dinosaur in wonder as it eats its breakfast. Grant gets another branch. Tim scampers up, trying to get the brachiosaur's attention. It's so strong!  Look at its nose. (he grabs onto the branch) Need help? Tim reaches out, petting the dinosaur's head while it chews. It's good protein.  Come on, Lex.  Why don't you touch it?  Look at his nose. His nose is running.  It looks like it has a cold. The dinosaur keeps chewing, not objecting to the inspection. Did you smell that? Lex tentatively edges forward in the tree to the inspection. Oh, great.  Now she'll never try anything new! Lex is embarrassed and ticked off. That's what I said!  You're a nerd!  They don't call you people hackers anymore - - they call you people nerds! Tim and Lex continue talking, oblivious to Grant, who has stopped by a tree root trunk. Hey Lex, ahhhchooo! (or) Hey Lex, com here. Hey Lex, you forgot to say gazundheit. Grant is still crouching on the ground below the tree where he landed, staring at something in the palm of his hand.  They both come and look over his shoulder, curious.  They stare in amazement - - - - at a whole clutch of dinosaur eggs!  All hatched, now empty. Grant picks up one of the fragments, a large one - nearly half an egg. (taking the shell from him) But - - my grandpa said all the dinosaurs were girls. Gallimimus. He turns around, to face the direction the sound is coming from. He squints.  The Look at all it's blood! Nope. That was great! Far in the distance, the T-rex I can't!  I'm scared! I'm afraid I am gonna fall! Are you crazy?  What if you miss?  I hate it up here. Shut up!  You're scaring me.  Stop!  You're scaring me.  Okay, okay!  I'm going to count to three.  One, two, three.... With a low, loud frightening Three.  (Two, three). What? Tim turns around.  Behind him, one of the silhouettes on the mural is a raptor, in a hunting pose. While they stare, the silhouette of a real raptor moves out from Page 129/139 C'mon, Lex!  C'mon, Lex!  Go, Lexie! Reaching another menu, Lex spots a box on the screen that reads", "VOICE:": "\"Two to four passengers to a car, please.  Children under ten must be accompanied by an adult.\" Page 46/139", "INTCONTROL ROOM:": "", "ARNOLD:": "Vehicle headlights are on and don't respond.  Those shouldn't be running off the car batteries. He signs and reaches for a clipboard hanging next to his chair and jots this down. Dennis - -the headlights. Uh - - Mr. Hammond - - That storm center hasn't dissipated or changed course. We're going to have to cut the tour short, I'm afraid. Pick it up again tomorrow where we left off. It's not worth taking the chance, John. (making an announcement to the others) Ladies and gentlemen, last shuttle to the dock leaves in approximately five minutes.  Drop what you are doing and leave now. I found a way to re-route through the program.  I'm turning the cars around in the rest area loop. Visitor vehicles are on their way back to the garage. It could have been worse, John.  It could have been a lot worse. Dennis Nedry stands up. He's shaking in his shoes, but trying like hell to be casual. What? The door security systems are shutting down. Woah, woah, woah, what the hell, what the hell? Fences are failing, all over the park!  A few minor systems, he said! The monitors are failing. Muldoon heads for the door just as all the video monitors in the control room go out with a faint electronic God, look at this workstation. The \"Jeopardy\"-type music is playing a little faster now. Muldoon steps forward, growing alarmed. (checks) No, they're still on. Page 71/139 - - access main program grid - - He punches a button, but a Phones are out too. Uh - - about two million. John - - John - - Hammond leans on his cane, and for the first time he looks like he's actually using it. No, no, no, that's crazy, you're out of your mind, he's absolutely out of his mind - - Theoretically, yeah (yes), but we've never shut down the whole system.  It may not come back at all. Yeah, again, in theory, but - - The lysine contingency - it's intended to prevent the spread of the animals is case they ever got off the island, but we could use it now.  Dr. Wu inserted a gene that makes a single faulty enzyme in protein metabolism. Animals can't manufacture the amino acid lysine.  Unless they're continually supplied with lysine by us, they'll It would be totally painless - - they'd just slip into unconsciousness and they die. About - - seven days, more or less. You asked for it - - He walks slowly across the room to a red metal box on the wall. He takes a key from his belt, unlocks the door, and opens it. There is a row of four switches inside.  He flips them off, one by one, leaving only a single lever left. His hand hovers over it. . . and he flips the lever. 'Bout thirty seconds. They wait, in tense silence.  Hammond adjusts the wilting silk handkerchief in his breast pocket.  He notices Malcolm staring at him, his eyes full of disapproval. Uh - - (joyously) The shutdown must have tripped the circuit breakers. All we have to do is turn them back on, reboot a few systems in here - - the phones, security doors, half a dozen others - - but it worked!  System ready! Out in the maintenance shed.  Other side of the compound.  I'll go out there.  Three minutes, and I can Page 113/139", "ARNOLD (O.S.)": "Hold on, we'll try to tempt the rex.", "HARDING (O.S.)": "Hi everybody,  Don't be scared. Tim reaches the clearing and", "HARDING:": "Sure. Grant walks next to the animal and strokes its head.  Ellie moves forward to the animal. Imbalance, disorientation, labored breathing.  Seems to happen about every six weeks or so. Yes, mitotic, pupils should be constricted. They are? (checks it out) I'll be damned. Yes.  We know they're toxic, but the animals don't eat them. Pretty sure. You won't be able to miss them. (or) Can't miss them. Malcolm walks up to Ellie. Sure.  I've got a gas powered jeep.  I can drop her at the visitor's center before I make the boat with the others.", "MATE:": "We're not well-berthed here without a storm barrier!  We may have to leave as soon as the last of the works are aboard. There's nothing I can do!  If the Captain says we gotta go, we gotta go! No promises!  No promises!", "\"EXECUTE.\"": "At the same time, he presses the start button on his digital stopwatch he holds in his hand.  A digital clock on the computer screen starts to tick down from sixty seconds , and a musical clock starts to sound too - - something like the \"Jeopardy\" theme. He starts to leave - - but returns when he remembers the shaving cream can.  He grabs it and leaves.", "THRUOMITTED:": "52 101 ", "CARTOON NEDRY:": "\"You didn't say the magic word!\"", "MALCCOLM:": "Get the kids! Malcolm inches back slowly, then takes off, running for his life down the road.  He runs to the cement block outhouse Gennaro went into earlier. Page 80/139", "(NOTE:": "Spielberg wants Malcolm to say something funny to Ellie over the radio; she smiles) Walking fast Ellie follows the tubing to the end of the corridor, where she sees just a box.", "INTHELICOPTERDAY": "One by one, they climb aboard, their faces white from their ordeal."}, "lawrence-of-arabia-1962.pdf": {"PART ONE": "1 As a background to the", "L": "() ( I 0 ,. 0 ,-.\u00b7,\u00b7 '\\ ( _ _) 0 2", "CUT TO": "364", "CLERIC": "(interested) . Did;you know him well?", "' BRIGHTON": "(must defend Lawrence, though he can't disagree) He was a remarkable chap. By any counts, remarkable. \u00b7", "BRIGHTON": "(awkwardly) Sorry, sir ... The light goes off, putting them in moonlight and showing us the moon beyond one of the windows. We see that the torpor of", "( :": "lo I I i -,", "I": "0 \u25c4) 0 0 I ,,~-) l__j", "REPORTER\u00b7": "Lord Allenby. Could you give me a few words about Colonel Lawrence?", "ALLENBY": "Not my business. Thank God, I'm a soldier.", "REPORTER.": "Yes sir, but about Colonel Lawrence himself.", "REPORTER": "Mr. Bentley, you must know as much about Colonel Lawrence as anybody does.", "BENTLEY": "Oh, you rotten man. He aims his camera, and v,e see", "MILITARY GENTLEMAN": "No sir, I can't claim I knew him. (truculent) \u00b7 I had the honour once to shake his hand in Damascus! 4", "MURRAY": "Oh, how can I fight a bloody war without bloody artillery?", "DISSOLVE TO": "270", "\u00b7.----\u00b7 I": ".) r .", "LAWRENCE": "(realising that he has been addressed) Mm?", "SERGEANT": "Right! He nearly bumps into", "CORPORAL": "What?", "J": "j \\. I /\" \u00b7\u00b7----.. \u2713 ( ;~ .. } 1'\\. \u00b71. i . '-,./ . .-l. ---------------------- \u00b7~-\u00b7--\u00b7--\u00b7\u00b7--\u2022\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7-\u00b7---.,", "C' ,": "0 0 ' . 16 Continued", "M.P.": "flimsy, sir. He goes towards", "c.:\u00b7_\u00b7:\u00b7": "D ()", "D": "\\ ;' _.\u2713 106 514", "f:.": "r /0 (", "'C,": "i (~ I 11", "/IC-": "1 [ 18 Continued", "<D": "0 '.", "calls:": "", "SECRETARY": "Lays it on a bit thick doesn't he?", "C": "0 L 411 Continued ~--- ------------\u00b7----\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7----------\u00b7- ---", "exasperation:": "", "CAPTAIN": "Of course, sir! Tracy.", ",IC": "i j ~o", ".I": "0 \u00b7c 384", "G": "0 I", "DRYDEN": "Me, your Highness? On the whole~ I wish I'd stayed i.n Tunbridge Wells.", "Blurts out:": "", "I I": "0 '\u00a9 I ,0 0 C ,, '", "I (~": "I ' ... ) .o", "MAJOR.": "Lawrence, sir.", "(J": "I \u00b7\u00b7_../", ". I": "\\ I J", "CJ": "\u00b7\u00b7\u2022\u00b7--._ \\'-_,) 100 436", "\u00b7\u00b7(~::": ".. /\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7--., (,_; \u2022 17 40", ". MURRAY": "Who knows! It might even make a man of him. Come in! (in answer to a knock at the door) 43", "MAJOR": "Yes sir ... there doesn't seem to be any artillery .", "\u00b7 LAWRENCE": "I'd like to say, sir, that I am grateful for .\u2022.\u2022", "INT. CORRIDOR": "48", ". DRYDEN": "(reproving) He's not a bad chap, Lawrence. .", ". LAWRENCE": "It threatened El Arish arid Suez. Anything else? 618", ". :~\u00b7": "", ":o": ".. ) If > () ' I _) Continued", ":CD": "iO", ":I": "\u00b7u ~o 11 I", ";I": "", "'IC,..:": "I", ":\\": "I j le) i i I t\u00b7", "TAFAS": "Bedu. Without looking at", "IC": "i J ~- 0 ( 0 ed", ": --.,..I": "0 23 60", "I \\": "\\,.~ ____ ) 110 536", "I :": ": \"'---\"'' 25 72", "I ;": "\u2022 1 I It) . iO ( 0 73 Continued Bedu food.", "I'('": "I () i , \u2022. __ ./", "I ()": "0 t-' '\u00b7 .v j ' \u00b7;, \"'\u00b7--\"", "J ~-": "0 ( 0 ed (, C", "Jo :o": "~a (\". 0 \u25c4 ) u 0", "I (,,": "j", "\u25c4 :": "0 ( __ J .0 J J 615 Continued eliciting facts.", "C \u2022": "() -( 98 Continued", "ALI \u00b7": "Is this pistol yours, English?", "\u00b7c:": "(_) 0 106 Continued Mine.", "ALI": "Not yet. They have come to an open archway.", "/C": "I I ,() '., .. _,/ C (", "<O": "0 {,' u \u00b7\u00b7\u00b7----._ (,, __ /' 4 Continued", "\\ I": "i I 10 ; ' ('", "c:": ";() 0 C () () 37 119 Continued", "'( .:": ". ()", "I(_)": ".\u2022\u00b7o 112 Continued", "FEISAL": "(to", "BRIGHTON says:": "", "FEJSAL": "No. They must try to reach Yenbo. . . . Lieutenant - ? 143", "I :::i": "", "STANDARD BEARER.": "151", "DAUD": "Aruka . . . Aruka ... ? 540", "C)": "0 I 0 0 6(~) \u25c4 ;", "JENKINS": "'Umph off~", "FARRAJ": "Daud will be angry with you.", "\u00b7O": "0 0 (\\_\u00b7 l , .. j ll-13 43 Continued disclosing the other side of the train. (Possibly introduce the", ";C": "J } ) ~ 0 .. b /-----.,,", "RECITER": "From Lord Feisal, in Feisal's tent.", "'O": "'f' . / 0 (", "LAWR~NCE": "- And in the end shall your Lord be bounteous to thee and thou be satisfied. 162", "FEISAL:": "", "but compellingly:": "", ",L": "---...., ( ) C 4 Continued", "LAWRENGE": "(hesitates, smiles a smile of intellectual, not emotive humour) To England and to other things. But", "I'": ". (~ I", "I .": "0 t) !() (j ,,. i. 118", "' :o": "(_) 163 Continued Or \u2022.. ?", "C:": "e 141 664 Continued glasses to him.", "DISSOLVE": "", "ALIA": "The Nefud cannot be crossed.", ": C": "., 0", "~L": "[) C 60 206", "GASIM": "They will be lucky for you! (with the dreadful piety of a thorough .. going", ". ALI": "Why are you here? Boy. He pushes", "CUT": "419", "; (J": "I ' .1 le ... i 0 ( ,a Ill ' \"./ ()", ".LAWRENCE": "Yes. (his face is steely, his voice rustling and dry) It will not happen again.", "-ALI": "You proved it!", "-DISSOLVE TO": "235 A", ",C>": "C", "MAJID": "Aurens! Can you pass for an Arab in an Arab town? Yes.", "I -": "u C 264 265 266 ' 68 ", "IC ,\u00b7-": ";o 69 277", "\u2022~ I": "u C l ) ... , .. _..,,,,,./ () ... (eager) Have we done it?", "ELDER HARITH": "I have been to the Electrical House Aurens. There are three large machines ... A", "C DAUD": "Aurens. He points with his camel stick. 281", "I (": "I 0 I", ":c": "1 ; 0 . '\"0 '',' Jo 1 ,' . ,o", "LAWRENCE\u00b7\u00b7": "(quietly) Get out of my way.", ".I I": "' ( 0 0 : () ,(; 0 73", ": ()": ",(; 0 73", ":\u00b7 (-..": "l io 1", "ARAB": "God be thanked. (he drinks)", "ANOTHER ARAB": "God be thanked. (he drinks)", ",I": "\\. 0 ()", "f:": "(. \u00b7\u00b7, j 0 0 ,/ .... ,_'\\ .\\ ) ...... ..__,_.,,,", "I --": "0 0 '('\u00b7 C 0 347 Continued", "Q": "0 l.\\ -ec 0 C \u00b7-., \\_ )", "\u00b7C": ",, I", "MUSIC.": "351", "AUDA": "Being an \"Arab\", will be thornier than you suppose --- Harith~", "_ LAWRENCE": "(as one who notes a mild coin\u00ad cidence) Ah. I have heard of another man of that name. Other? (roaring)", "BOY": "No father. English.", ". AUDA": "(deeply dangerous, between, incredulity and rage) 91 Serve?", "GASIM:": "", "OR": "", "_:c": "(' \\ \\ : I .,,\" (~) l 390 391", "\\ :": "I .,,\" (~) l 390 391 392 89", "I .,,\"": "(~) l 390 391 392 89", "balefully at:": "", ".:()": "0 C 0 ,92 400 Continued", "C\u00b7": "C ',,._ ... ..! 0 I", "then:)": "Thy mother mated with a scorpion.", "I\u25c4 -~-\u2022": "1(j C 0 94 402 Continued", "' I": "I", "I \\I[)": "0 'btJ f 'it(,1 '() u", "able fact:": "", "grimly facing:": "415", "\u2022,.,J": "-u He thrusts his way after A", "CAMERA.": "427", "and: \u00b7": "440 The", "I(;>": "0 0 0 101 443 Continued we just have time to see the tents on the far side going down with the artificial neatness of a conjuring trick. These destroyers have been", "sees:": "", "i :o": "C ,; ' ~~-\u00b7 D ,() 103 500 Continued Behind him a breathless Howeitat crashes in. He glances round nervously at the threatening tableau, salaams to", "HOWEITAT": "Auda Ibu Tayi ! I have found it! He gestures invitingly towards the door, and", "single glance:": "502", ":()": "'~ cl ... ,,) 0", "adds:": "", "ALI's face:": "", "I :c": "I ,,\u00b7--~ (_; 0", "evidence:": "", ",L../": "~. j; __ ./ ( \u00b7 .... \\ \\, ) 108 524", "'G": "-0", "FARRAJ.": "(prompting kindly) God will give you peace. He turns his head away but do-es not close his eyes. 100", "MOTORCYCLIST": "Who are you\u00b7? Who are you? 585", "DRIVER": "Home, sir~", "\"-..J C)": ",.. '\u00b7 117 598 Continued leads him on past the", "PROVOST SERGEANT": "You can't take h.lm in there, si.r.", "FARRAJ)": "Are you going to the Officers' bar, si.r?", "BARTENDER": "(utterly lost) This is a bar for British Officers.", ".:c__)": "J 119 602 Continued There is a clatter from the background as the", "THE OTHERS": "Yes, go on, clear out! (in a no-nonsense voice) Get that boy out of here, Lawrence! (peremptory) Oh go away, Lawrence. (wearily)", "\u00b7 tight-lipped:": "", "'Q": "'.\\", "C'\u00b7": "0 \u00b7------\u2022~ .. --,-y 120 602 Continued 603/ 4", "and barks:": "", ". BRIGHTON": "(stiffly) Damn ridiculous, sir.", "'U": ",c --.\\ '\\ ... _~ __ ., 0 (bawling) Sergeant Maj or ! 630", "R. S.M.": "Good morning, sir!", "ALLEN.BY\u00b7": "(he has the courage and takes the trouble to answer this personally, not officially) No, but I know a good thing when I see one. That's fair, surely? 132", "ALLEN.BY": "Look here now. If I'm to break through", ". ALLENBY": "Well, if I fighLlike Clausewitz and you fight like Saxe ---", "ENTRANCE HALL.": "643 The", ".~ .J": "0 ,~----' 136 649 Continued 650 appears to .be,", "\u2022.O": "l r \u25c4", "C: LAWRENCE": "", ":tC;": "0 Two thousand small arms not enough. 1 need five.", "MUSIC STOPS.": "", "GALLERY CORRIDOR:": "665", "FADE OUT": "", "PART II": "1", "FOREGROUND": "We see the seaward fringe of the village-town of Akaba among its scruffy palm trees. The same dilapidated buildings as before and among them a few indolent", "SELIM": "He is my master. I am his servant.", "FEISAL I": "(the smile going) Is that what you have come for?", ".CJ": "0 C (\u00b7,, . ,\u2022 0 ( ) ... ,.,, ____ _", "directly:": "", "\"STOP\".": "The racket continues1 he rises up out of picture. 31", "I ('": "l 0 '40 i\u25c4 \\ I f,", ":O": "it) ! ( ,, \\ I j I", "towards:": "", "AU~A": "Aurens. The cry is taken up but not yet like a full adulation or chanting.", ":ff',": "", "\u2022U": "!", "feet, and:": "", "roars:": "No!", ",O": "ea", "and reproof:": "", "L\u00b7": "' \u00b7-, ( \\ \"-----\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7'! C 45 Continued", ". U": "' \\ \\~ ..,./ . 47 48", "TRACK)": "Yes sir \u2022\u2022\u2022 that's my baby. The shutter operates. 49", "II )": "i 0 53 Continued", "reactions of:": "55 At a distance stand two Turkish", "r<:o": "", ": :": ": \u00b7 i ii1 I 0 0 ( 11-21", ": \u00b7": "i ii1 I 0 0 ( 11-21 55 Continued", "C.": "0 60 iO 0 I ()", "thoughtful:": "", "I,.\u00b7-\\": "\\-_.) 60 Continued ll-25 He spins the fingers happily, Then the movement stops. The ex\u00ad pression of pleasure goes from his face and is replaced by one of dark brooding. lie tosses the clock from him.", "VEREY PISTOL.": "63g", "'I": ".i j\u00b0 ]", "'\u00b7 :": ".c ,(; 68", ", _AUDA": "I must go Aurens. Before I soil myself with a fool's blood. And he goes towards his horse, quicldy.", "'<O": "0 \u25c4 \\ j'", "j' ,_:": "I", "\u00b7I": "I I", "I :U": "I", ":,,-": "1'-\u00b7\u00b7 .,. \u00b7\u00b7-,.\\ I ' \\ _____ )", "MAJID.": "", ".Shouts:": "", "ALLEN'BY": "Quite like home ...", "A.LI": "We are all tired.", "\u00b7:Q": "0 ( ( \\ ' J 110 Continued", "of fear:": "My.friends, who will walk on water with me? But reaching the doorway and looking in he realises that the situation is more critical than he supposed. His \u00b7expression. changes. He becomes alert; cautious. He realises that to get his own way he must at any rate ~ reasonable. 111", "TURKISH:SERGEANT": "(looks at", "I :Jo": "i", "BEY": "Beat him. He goes through a door near where he has landed, carefully leaving it ajar.", ". Q": "if) C C , ,-~----... \\ __ ) 124 Continued", "'(_::": "It ', C !/ ( '\u00b7) ii", "Then:": "136", "LAWRENCE.": "141", ":f;": "10 C", "impatience:": "", "... ALI": ".Why?", "](J": ",c) i", "C'": "( .,, ,\u00b7 .. ', ' \\ I , \\ .... ) 0 163 Continued", ",C": "0 r .1(1) () 0 Il-57", ",I/,. >": "j'II I () () 171 Continued", ".......... J'": "0", "'II:'.)": "0", "(saluting: formally)": "Sir. 178", ". FEISAL": "Well I will leave you, General. Major Lawrence doubtless has reports to make. Il-62 He goes towards a glass door leading directly out on to the open <!'orridor, but pauses to deliver his salvoes.", "(:,": "0 .. 0 .e 0 C (;", "ALLENBY)": "-~ not a treaty, sir, an Agreement --- to that effect.", "'. :,": "r~ , _ __,. 0 191 Continued", "ALLENBY\u00b7": "{softly and irritabli as though", "\u00b7 ALLENBY": "(starting quietly but incredulous indignation breaking through) Personal? You're a Serving Officer in the Field! And as it happens a damned important one! Personal? Are you mad?", "I\\___./": "'() 0 0 !", "I J": "I \u2022 198 Continued Yes?", "I \u2022": "198 Continued Yes?", "I \\,": "\\ ... ) 200", ". :": "", "I. '": "re\u00b7, ' , 202 Continued", "ALLENBY \u2022": "Oh yes. And here's another thing. When you ask for \"common humanity\" you're crying for the moon. Common humanity's the one thing you can't have.", ": (;": "", "(_J": "0 (gravely and kindly) Not many people have a destiny. Lawrence. A terrible thing for a man, to funk it, if he has. 208", ",(J": ", \u25c4 I C ( ') --.... ...... ...,.~\u00b7\u00b7 0", ".. AUDA": "Well ... There is only one Aurens ... And staring keenly off", "C>": "0 -e-e () I '\u25c4 ) 0", "KIDTAN": "Sherif?", "KHITAN": "(to the", "L)": "1 '; C C 0 . \u00b7--\u00b7----------. \u00b7---- -\u00b7\u00b7---------\u00b7--------", "ARTILLERY GENERAL": "Then he can't be further than --\u00ad (glances at map before him) --- this Mallud place. In which case I can have him within range by (a moment's pause before he commits himself)", "CAVALRY GENERAL": "And where are they now?", "C' ,.,,": ", , 0 0 ' ) C C", "I :El": "0 C C 0", "TALAAL": "Talaal ! ! Talaal ! ! 1 266", "FEET.": "277", "~J": ",\u25c4 \\ (j ,0", "~\"-.... .J": "0 303 304 305 306 307", "Aurens:": "", "Enough:": "", "/U": "i / 'i I ) \"'---\u00b7\u00b7 0", "\u2022 I": "\\-.,.,_..) 0 Hey, Major! Major Lawrence! He slithers down protecting his camera, not himself, and runs up the incline panting. But when he sees what is to be seen his expression", "changes:": "Jesus wept! This is an expression of p\u00b5re shock, but after .a pause his face discloser a fund of natural pity and the sadness of his too wide experience, too little understood. Deeply and", "fallen hero:": "", "I ,": ",f) 0 C 0 362 Continued", "HORSEMAN": "(laughing) They are not ripe! The", "(':": "C 370 371 0 Continued", "C,;": "14 '; () C 371 372 Il-106 Continued But", "' /,-J)": "I ( ' . C . ___ ..,,, i", "AUDA, \u00b7replies:": "", "\u00b7AUDA": "Well, this is a ~ trick ... He throws himself back gloomily in his chair.", "ELDER HARITH:": "i", "SYRIAN": "He means generators. So?", "ANOTHER": "Let them burn. What needs telephones? A chorus of agreement, not excited this time, but deep and philosophic.", "desperately:": "", "DISHEVELLED SYRIAN": "The Jinsibi District!", "FIB.ST SYRIAN": "(to", "SECOND SYRIAN": "(between exasperation at the stupidity of the savages and alarm for his property) Then in God's name, use the fire brigade!", "DISHEVELLED SHEIK": "(with dignity) The Rualla do not carry water.", "I \u00b7\u00b7--": "1 ( . I 0", "( J'\",-..>": "\\, ...", "'ALLENBY": "(absently, eye on the diagram) Mm .. ~", "I C": "'", "AUDA\u00b7": "Is it . . . the blood? 385", "deliberate formality:": "", "says:": ". . . there is only the desert for you. On", "I~',,": "", ":: \u00b7,": "'' 0 \\&, \\ . I", "I \"I": "0 396 397 398 \u00b7-\u00b7 \u00b7\u00b7--\u00b7-\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7--\u00b7 -----\u00b7-- \u2022 Continued", "COLONEL": "It has six hundred beds. There are about two thousand Turkish wounded in it. All of whom are the responsibility of your precious Arab Council] and many of whom are your responsibility inmore ways than that, \u00b7 I understand!", "ALLENBY \u00b7": "(almost automatically) Under any circumstances at all you must . obey your orders.", "CUTTP": "", ";~ ~I": "', : ! ~ o'\u00b7----' cl tt I I it tj\u2022 it {()", "\":,~": "0", "MEDICAL OFFICER": "(frowning) Don't think so, sir \u2022.. (smiling confidently) No, sir, I should have remembered that.", "Outrageous:": "408", "C ;": "\\ '\u00b7 \u00b7' () l i ; i C \\ _ _.) i", "QUICK DISSOLVE'": "4\u00b710", "FEISAL\u00b7": "My friend Lawrence, if I may call him that -- \"my friend Lawrence\" -- how many men will claim the right to use that phrase, how proudly~ He longs for the greenness of his native land. He pines for the Gothic cottages of -- \"Surrey\" -- is it not?", "I.": "I I ----~--------\u00b7-- .. \u00b7---,;,--------.-. , .... -. \u2022", "I ----~--------\u00b7--": ".. \u00b7---,;,--------.-. , .... -. \u2022", "I ,,~-)": "l__j", "ruthlessly:": "", "serving Officer:": "", "CUT I": "l I I _j", "\\. I": "/\" \u00b7\u00b7----.. \u2713 ( ;~ .. } 1'\\. \u00b71. i . '-,./ . .-l. ---------------------- \u00b7~-\u00b7--\u00b7--\u00b7\u00b7--\u2022\u00b7\u00b7\u00b7-\u00b7---.,", "CUT.-:": "417"}, "Love Story.pdf": {"OK.": "- I mean you should keep at it. - Who said I won't? I'm going to study Page 9/31  - Enough? - No. I love watching you. - The old hockey fake-out. - That's you, the old hockey fake-out. - Can we get hot chocolate? - Sure, I'll even pay. Now you've got to stop being sick. Me? Page 30/31", "- OK.": "- No, it's not I'm counting on you to be strong, you goddamn hockey jock. I will, baby. I will. It will be hardest for Phil. You, after all, are going to be the merry widower.", "RSVP.": "- You even have to ask? - It's about time. - For what? - You know. Does he have to crawl here? He's reaching out."}, "ManofSteelnSecondDraftn.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "", "SPACE.": "", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "DARKNESS.": "A fine mist covers everything in a haze. Through th e shell of the cocoon, what appears is the", "EARTH.": "The blue marble of the Milky Way,", "THE MAYOR": "Ladies and gentlemen, it is my very distinct honor to present to you, the city\u2019s new mass transit system...the Metropolis Monorail!", "JIMMY.": "", "JIMMY": "Sorry, Ch -- I mean... Perry ? Perry turns, about to bust a gasket.", "LOIS": "No, everything\u2019s just okay... They all eat dinner, together, living a normal life ...", "LOIS (CONT'D)": "Jason, this is Ms. Kent. Clark\u2019s mom. Can you say hi to Ms. Kent?", "SHADY GUY": "", "RICHARD": "Honey? Something wrong? ....Lois returns her gaze, smiling.", "JASON": "Yeah, but it just came back up on the lawn. He digs into his dinner. Richard looks genuinely co nfused, but doesn\u2019t give it another thought. Lois, on the o ther hand, looks outside, into the night...", "PERRY": "Wrong again, Olsen. Perry", "RISING UP.": "", "D.J. (V.O.)": "-- onorail is apparently taken over by -- Clark hits the", "TV REPORTER": "-- we\u2019re receiving information from a source on the monorail  that the Metropolis Monorail has been overtaken by terrorists and is -- at this moment -- experiencing malfunction --", "CAR --": "", "FALL...": "", "CONSTRICTING...": "", "CLARK": "--", "CLARK (CONT'D)": "", "LOIS (O.S.)": "Uh-huh... As Lois continues to search, Clark muses around, ge sturing at the", "JASON (CONT'D)": "Are you going to give Daddy a hernia?", "PERRY (O.S.)": "He was getting me a front page! A", "PERRY (CONT'D)": "Now, Kent, I got no problem with you. Actually, you\u2019re usually covering the little people -- (turns to Lois) -- but you. Lois, your articles are...", "revealing:": "", "LEX": "Alas. Your son saved the world. Of course not without a little help from me. If it wasn\u2019t for his", "KITTY": "Lex, how long do we have to deal with this?                                 34 .", "KITTY (CONT'D)": "Lex! Where are you going? (after no response)", "HELICOPTER.": "", "VOICE (O.S.)": "Careful...", "CORBIN": "Couldn\u2019t you just get it back?", "turns, entering:": "", "CIA OFFICIAL": "The latest shipment has arrived. Donovan turns.", "DONOVAN": "They should be in range in about thirty-seconds, sir.", "CORBIN (CONT'D)": "These came directly from your watch tower in Metropolis.", "DONOVAN (CONT'D)": "What do you have in mind?", "RICHARD (O.S.)": "Lois? Lois jumps up, surprised. Richard stands before her , Jason at his side.", "RICHARD (CONT'D)": "Didn\u2019t that find itself 20,000 leagues under the sea?", "BBC NEWSREADER": "Homeland Security Director Dabney Donovan issued a statement today reassuring foreign residents that the United States would reopen negotiations with foreign representatives about the danger of", "BOOM.": "", "SUPERMAN": "Every dog has its day, Luthor. I\u2019ll be watching you. Superman and Lex share a moment. Superman turns, wa lking back towards the window. He stares into Lex\u2019s eyes and F", "SAILOR CAPTAIN": "Unbelievable... Above them they see Superman", "WAVE.": "", "faces of:": "", "JOR-EL (V.O.)": "Embedded in the crystals before you is the total accumulation of all literature and scientific fact from all dozens of other worlds spanning the twenty-eight known galaxies. (beat)", "KEM-L": "I did not want it to be like this, Kal-El. I wanted a future for Krypton. You are denying us that future! Superman continues to crawl. Kem-L follows, walking  slowly, as if to taunt him further.", "VRIL DROX": "Kem-L. I am at your service.", "KEM-L (CONT'D)": "You will give birth to Krypton\u2019s continuance. The Kryptonian race will live again. And we will purge the inferior...starting with... your son. Superman reacts --", "UNDERWATER": "The man", "EXT. COASTLINE": "Kem-L slows and turns in the air, focusing on the w ave. It", "FALLS, revealing:": "", "JIMMY (O.S.)": "Maybe Superman knows her. Maybe they\u2019re related.", "KEM-L (O.S.)": "Kal-El...", "SUPERMAN (CONT'D)": "What have you done!? Kem-L merely smiles.", "LOIS\u2019S (V.O.)": "I\u2019m just saying...", "SCATTER BACK.": "", "SHOOTER": "You took my home! Damn you! Lex\u2019s eyes burn the woman, watching as the police a rrest her. He rises, straightens himself out.", "EXT. SPACE": "...into the outer reaches of space. All is quiet an d calm until, quite suddenly -- -- A", "...EARTH.": "", "LEX (CONT'D)": "So, I see you survived.", "towards:": "", "DIVE...": "", "LEX LUTHOR.": "", "ON:": "", "LEX (O.S.)": "Then more people will die.", "WOMAN (O.S.)": "(yelling) Luthor! Luthor stops in mid flow to see an irate looking", "WOMAN": "You don't understand... She's broken down -- tears fall down her face.", "when:": "", "SUPERMAN (O.S.)": "Good evening, Lois. Lois jumps.", "DOCKER": "That should be close to the last shipment. What are they, military issue? Corbin\u2019s stare gives the Docker the answer he was l ooking for.", "DOCKER (CONT'D)": "Just sign here.", "MARTHA": "That was my old husband, Jonathan. Jason looks at the", "MARTHA (CONT'D)": "You\u2019re welcome here anytime, okay? Jason smiles, nods. Richard shakes hands with Ben, and they smile and head for", "(re: Perry)": "Is he alright?", "JIMMY (CONT'D)": "How about I help you take these down to the moving truck. Jimmy moves, quickly, Perry,", "(re: Jason)": "Is he okay?", "BLACKNESS.": "", "ANCHORMAN": "(on television) The question still", "TV SCREEN.": "Displaying the news of the", "PRESIDENT WILKES.": "He leans back in his chair, contemplatively, and", "PRESIDENT WILKES": "Software? (beat) What you\u2019re asking me I do not know if I have the authority to do.                                 100 .", "walking into:": "", "SOLDIER": "", "MAN\u2019S LAND.": "Superman rises, and for the first time standing bef ore the people of Metropolis. The Army just looks disgusted. And for a second,", "INT. SKY": "Superman", "METROPOLIS...": "They", "AFTER SKYSCRAPER...": "--", "SKY.": "", "GUNNER": "Permission to fire, sir?", "IMPACT.": "", "BEN": "Let me refresh that drink for you, dear. Martha smiles, and Ben moves about. She rises, and looks over to see Lois peering at all of", "SUPERMAN.": ""}, "mary-poppins.php": {"Bert:": "stage) This here is Number 17 Cherry Tree Lane. The residence of George Banks esquire. (As he\u2019s talking, sweep goes off stage right with broom over shoulder. Passer By comes from stage left) Passer and gestures to the drawings) Today I\u2019m a screever, and as you can see, A screever\u2019s an artist \u2013 of the highest degree. And it\u2019s all me own work. From me own memory. Chim-chiminey, chim-chiminey, chim-chim cheroo I draws what I Likes and I likes what I drew, right where you are. I\u2019d know that shadow anywhere! (standing up and looking at her) Mary Poppins!  their children to the park. When you\u2019re with Mary Poppins, suddenly you\u2019re in places that you never even dreamed of. And as quick as you can say, Bob's your uncle, the most unusual things happen. a circus with lions and tigers. ( Pointing to a picture of a circus) (Michael and Jane step over the pictures to look at them with Bert) yours truly. There\u2019s a little country fair over the hill there, even though you can\u2019t see it! Page 13/31 looking. think. (puts finger to side of head, Michael and Jane copy) You wink. (winks, so do Michael and Jane)You do a double blink. (Bert, Michael, and Jane double blink) You close your eyes and jump! (All close their eyes and jump onto the picture) (Four waiters enter in a row and wait expectantly.) are winnin\u2019 And Aya and Salsabil set your hearts spinnin\u2019 Waiter Waiter Waiter But cream of the crop. Tip of the top. Bert and nowhere. his horse and ducks into the middle aisle.  Hunters ride past and out the back doors.  Three jockeys ride in in their places & start up left aisle. On stage, 2 reporters enter from stage left.) is! Mary : Song - Supercalifragalistic (Light flash on and off \u2013 all the characters act as though it\u2019s raining and put there hands over their heads and go off! Reporter 1 and the jockeys off stage right, down the aisle and out the back doors.  Reporter 2 and guard   miles from home. It\u2019s not a place to be out alone! safe. Come on let\u2019s go! I\u2019ll take you back a way I know across the rooftops and we\u2019ll see what happens in London at night! (In front of the stage, center stage) Song - Chim Chim Cheree (They move towards steps, stage right.  Mrs. Banks comes down the steps as though leaving the house and meets them.) bit of a fright though; need someone to look after them. Mrs chimneys with me! Mrs chimney is a wondrous thing. When the wind is just right it blows across her top, then draws the smoke right up the flue! Cheeroo, cheroo! (Calling around the room \u2013 sweeps come from all directions.) Sweep Sweep pals. Come on. Come and meet them. They\u2019re great fun! Mr position.  Esteemed by your peers. Song \u2013 Life I Lead & Spoon Full of Sugar reprise (Bert leaves Mr Banks thinking.  Lights down) Scene 11 \u2013 Bank (The Dawes and the bank clerk are sitting at the table.  Mr Banks is standing in front of them.)", "Passer By:": "here. Storm signals are up at number 17. Bit of heavy weather brewing there. (Both turn to look at stage, after a few seconds, look worried and exit stage right) Scene 2 \u2013 In the House", "Cook:": "her alone! that\u2019s what I say, and good riddance! her luggage) Her and her high and mighty ways! I never liked her from the moment she set foot in the door. Katie (Mrs. Banks starts up the far right aisle of the audience, humming Sister Suffragette) ", "Ellen:": " nanny in the house? Me, that\u2019s who! park? They like hanging around the cages. (To Cook) You don\u2019t think they\u2019ve been eaten by the lions do you? Katie Mrs Michael and leads them off stage left)  I knew it. When all\u2019s said and done, who bears the brunt of everything around here? Me that\u2019s who! They don\u2019t want an honest good working girl around here. They need a bloomin\u2019 zookeeper. (Mr Banks \u2013 gets his newspaper and sits down in his chair, upstage right.) Mrs \u2018em in? Mr gone?.... (Mary Poppins walks past her and into the house.  Ellen shrugs and says through the open door) You may all come in one at a time! Mary Mrs Mrs ", "Katie Nanna:": "Mrs Brill (cook) I wouldn\u2019t stay in this house for another minute, not if you gave me all the tea in China! run away from me for the very last time!  you! Mrs disappeared again! Mrs (Mr. Banks starts down the aisle towards the stage to enter stage right.) Mrs what I\u2019m owed. Mrs (Mr Banks enters stage right) Mr", "Mrs Banks:": "women are drawn into the song.) Song- Sister Suffragette (Katie Nana tries to interrupt at the end, repeating, \u201cMrs. Banks.\u201d Finally...) Katie children? Katie Doesn\u2019t this make it the third time this week? Katie Katie Mr missing again! Mr Mr (The Constable steps inside, but Jane and Michael stay outside.) Mr Mr Mr you were interviewing nannies? Mr George. I knew I should leave it to you! Where is she? Mr Mr (Jane and Michael come on from stage left, with Mary Poppins) Mr Mr haven\u2019t been running off have you? you take care of them sir? You\u2019ve been so kind already! important meeting with the suffragettes. We aim to chain ourselves to the gates of Westminster! (Mrs. Banks leaves down the left aisle, humming.  Bert is left scratching his head.) Page 26/31  into the river, how sensible! bank? Mr", "Mr Banks:": "(He takes her bags out of her hands and sets them down at the bottom of the steps stage right.  Katie Nanna Follows.  He waves goodbye as she walks down the far right aisle.  Music He returns to stage.  Meanwhile Cook and Ellen slink off stage left.  Mrs. Banks waits worriedly centerstage and tries to get a word in while Mr. Banks sings.) Song- How Lordly is the Life I Lead Mrs They should have been bathed and in bed now, why it\u2019s already 6.15! (From the back of the room, the constable begins to lead Michael and Jane up to the stage through the center aisle.) Mrs stage left) George Banks here. 17 Cherry Tree Lane. It\u2019s a matter of urgency. I should like you to send a policeman around immediately. (Constable, having reached the top of the steps at stage right, \u201crings\u201d at the door.  Mrs. Banks opens the door.) Mrs a wonderful service. Thank you so much. Goodnight! (hangs up the telephone and turns) Mrs    from here. Have a good evening. Now if you don\u2019t mind. (Crossing behind Jane and Michael to stage right, motions the constable out the door and shuts it.) Mr Michael and Jane to the nursery. they\u2019ve all been disasters! We need one who will be firm, respectable, and take no nonsense. She must act like a general who gives commands, lays down rules and ensures discipline at all times. (Jane and Michael enter from stage left and come to center stage)  matter. Mrs  Song- Perfect Nanny (looking dejected, Jane and Michael exit stage left) Mrs games, sing songs, eat treats\u2026. Ridiculous! (Rips up the letter and throws it in the fire as Mrs Banks stands by looking worried) Mr nanny in your paper. (Lights down) Scene 3 \u2013 In the House and the Street in Front (Lights up on a line of nanny from center stage to the bottom of stage Page 6/31 shall be! 8 o'clock. You may show the nannies in one at a time. (Mr. Banks stands up and walks to stage left and stand with back to the door.) May I see them please? Mary Mary Mary   Mrs work straight away! Mrs (Lights Out) Scene 4- In the Nursery (In the nursery-similar to living room scene but with empty toybox, a table, toys strewn about, and a mirror on the wall.  Children and Mary enter from behind the division, stage right.) Page 10/31 Winifred, but I do expect a little decorum. What with the children and even the cook and the maid are singing and as for you and your votes for women\u2026 I am a laughing stock\u2026. and I just won\u2019t have it! Mrs   the nursery and Mary Poppins will you come with me? that I\u2019m extremely disappointed in you. I don\u2019t deny that I am partially responsible for not having made it clear, but it is high time that the children see the serious things in life. Mrs Mrs children talking about jumping in and out of paintings, of consorting with jockeys and fox hunting. If they must go on outings then these outings should be educational and practical. Like these silly words super ca\u2026 superfragi\u2026   going?  Mrs (Lights down) Scene 8- Nursery (Jane and Michael are on stage. There is a bottle and spoon on a table. Page 21/31    a waster! (Lights down on Michael, Jane and Mr Banks at the bottom of the stairs. The bird woman goes off stage.  Someone moves behind the table.  People position themselves all over the stage with briefcases or handfuls of money.  Lights up on them all frozen.  \u201cMoney, money, money\u201d sequence with choreography.  At the end, bank workers and clients disperse to either side Mr Dawes Mr Dawes Mr Dawes Senior (holding the tuppence out of reach as Michael jumps for Michael and  (Lights down) Scene 10-Rooftops and Living Room (Empty stage except for chimney pots.  Chimney sweeps position themselves around the auditorium, leaning on walls, etc.  Children enter from the back of the auditorium and start up the right aisle.  Bert enters from door stage left, whistling and comes down the steps in time to meet Jane and outrage? Mary   dreadfully sorry! Yes 9 o clock! I\u2019ll be there! (Hangs up and says to Bert) Do you know what she did? She tricked me into taking Jane and Michael to the bank. That\u2019s how all the trouble started! behaved! Mr Dawes wooden leg called smith. The second chap, this second chap says\u2026. What\u2019s the name of his other leg? Ha ha ha\u2026. I have to go gentlemen! (Mr Banks exits stage right and runs down the aisle smiling, stops to shake audience member\u2019s hands.) Mr Dawes stage right and up the steps) Medicine go down, the medicine go down! spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down!  Mr Dawes", "Constable:": "side of the park, I happen to have come across these here valuables. I believe they\u2019re yours sir! Page 4/31 Mrs and weary day! Mr Banks (To runaway children. Mr Mr Lane. About 6 ft one. Yes we rang the bank.   No sign of him! Mr (hangs up) Mrs", "Jane:": "and the kite was too strong for us. wrong to run away from Katie Nanna. Mr for the new nanny. Mr Mr for at all! (Jane and Michael look sadly at each other as Ellen leads them off stage left.  Market sellers come down middle aisle and side aisle with sacks or baskets of wares and gather in a cluster in front of stage left.  Act as though they are trying to sell wares to the nannies and the audience.) Market seller Mary     Song - Spoonful of Sugar (As the song is sung, Mary and the children clean up the nursery and use snapping their fingers to do some of the cleaning.  The drawers open and close by themselves and the rug straightens by itself.) (Jane puts on her coat and hat)  there. (Jane and Michael run off stage right.)      Grand National... Mr again. Mr   (Mary picks up a bottle and spoon.) Mary  Mary point them out to us.  Mr bag. Mr  Mr    Mary Poppins (enters from stage  You are going to be one of the luckiest people in the world. Mary Song \u2013 Let\u2019s Go Fly a Kite Mr", "Michael:": "Perhaps if you helped us to make one? Mr                man with a wooden leg named Smith. Mr \u201cWhat\u2019s the name of his other leg?\u201d  Mary   be. Mr Mr Mr Dawes Mr Dawes  stage left, down the aisle and out the doors.  Banks yells after them.) Mr      Mr", "All Nannies:": "What ever next! Nanny", "Mary P:": "Banks, are you not? (to the back of Mr. Banks.  He turns, surprised by her tone of voice and doesn\u2019t answers) I said\u2026 you are the father of Jane and Michael Bank? Mr", "Mary Poppins:": "old fashioned idea to my mind! Mr qualifications. Item Banks who is looking into the fireplace!) Have you lost something? Mr Mr to check for dust)  Its clean.. It just needs a few touches like\u2026 (Sets carpet bag on table, opens it & takes out items) Well first things first, I need a hat stand to put my hat on. (pulls out hat stand, stands it up and hangs her hat on it, takes off her coat and hangs it up too) and my mirror (takes out a mirror, hangs it up, and looks in it) Ah yes, perfect as usual!! (Michael looks in the bag) course. Follow me please, good morning. (She speaks as she passes the hunt people) Hunter Jockey  in Michael\u2019s mouth). satisfactory. Mr the children I said goodbye to? (Mary Poppins continues to silently pack her bag through the following.)", "Mary:": "(Mr Banks nods) Mr wise. I\u2019ll give you one week. I\u2019ll know by then. Now I think that I should see the children! Thank You. ( She turns and sees the children looking into the room from stage left.  Michael\u2019s mouth is open.) Close your mouth Michael, please. We are not a cod fish! Well don\u2019t just stand there. Let\u2019s get going. Spit Spot! (Mary and children walk off stage left.  Mr Banks sits down in his chair their appearance! around inside) Now let me see.. Where is my\u2026 where did I put it..  tape measure)  Come along quickly Michael. Heads up. Don\u2019t slouch! (Michael stands next to Mary Poppins, is measured, and then Mary Poppins looks at the tape measure)  Just as I thought. Extremely stubborn and suspicious. (Jane starts to giggle)  tape measure and Mary the top, she reads the measurement)  As I expected. Mary Poppins. Practically perfect in every way. (Mary Poppins puts the tape measure back in her bag)  play games?    turned out as I\u2019d like, but there\u2019s still time. Now Spit spot! (They turn and follow Mary off stage right. Lights out) Scene 5- Streets of London (The stage is empty except for the two sets which are turned to show St. Paul\u2019s Cathedral and the bank.  Bert is centerstage, on his knees, drawing Page 12/31 Michael. talking about. you. them) Oh, why do you always complicate things that are really quite easy! Give me your hand Jane. Michael you hold on to Bert. Don\u2019t slouch. Ready\u2026 One\u2026 Two\u2026\u2026 (They all jump on to the picture. Lights out) Scene 5- In the Chalk Countryside (The stage is empty except for the two sets which are covered with sheets. The countryside scene will be projected onto the set stage right.  Mary (Bert faces front, dusts off his hat, and puts it on.  Mary faces front and puts up her parasol.  Nod at each other.) : Song \u2013 Jolly Holiday raspberry ice, and then some cakes and tea. Waiter Waiter  Jockey Reporter Reporter Reporter Am I right Bert? (Lights down.  Sets are uncovered again to reveal St. Paul\u2019s and the bank. Lights up with Mary, Bert, and children in same spot)  aisle and out back.  They wave and say bye.)   home for a nice warm bath. (All exit stage left) Scene 7- Living Room of the House (Children singing off stage left.  Mr and Mrs Banks are arriving home from stage right.) Page 19/31 (Mary Poppins ushers the children back off stage left) Mr Mr. Mr Mr will accompany you! Mr Mr day for the children tomorrow and they need a proper night\u2019s sleep. (Mary exits stage left leaving Mr. Banks looking confused.) Mr   Tomorrow you will be going on an outing with your father.   can\u2019t see past the end of his nose! For example, just outside of the bank is an old lady who goes to the steps of St. Paul\u2019s every day to sell bird seed to feed the birds and yet most people pass her by.  Now you really must get to sleep. Song \u2013 Stay Away (As she sings, the children slowly, fall asleep.  Lights down) Scene 9- The Streets of London (On stage, the bank set is showing.  A table is center stage with a bell and drawer with money or a till.  The St. Paul\u2019s set is stage right near the top of the steps.  Mr. Banks leads the children up center aisle over to Mr Mr Mr Banks (To Bert who is still cleaning    Michael (Running to Mr Banks and noticing the", ":": "Song \u2013 Jolly Holiday", "Guard:": "umbrella higher) And they\u2019re off! It\u2019s Mary Poppins in the lead by two lengths with Jane second by a length and Michael is coming a close third. And it\u2019s Bert coming up on the outside. (First Mary Poppins, and then Bert and the children behind him veer out of the circle. And down the stairs stage left.  As they do so, 2 hunters on horses enter from the door- stage left and gallop down the steps and down wins the ultimate of races, the highest of high, the Graaaaaand National. (All finish the race and shake hands going up onto stage from stage right) Reporter", "Fox:": "again! Im Off. (The fox heads across the back of the auditorium with hunters in pursuit) Hunter out and all that and here they all come again! Hunter (Bert Rides through the hunt) (Mary and others following the jockeys up the aisle.) Mary", "Waiters:": "", "Mary :": "Song - Supercalifragalistic (Light flash on and off \u2013 all the characters act as though it\u2019s raining and put there hands over their heads and go off! Reporter 1 and the jockeys off stage right, down the aisle and out the back doors.  Reporter 2 and guard off stage left and out the door.)", "Mr. Banks:": "", "Mr B:": "", "Banker:": "account. Mr Dawes Mr", "Together:": "", "Bank Clerk:": "(Dawes Jnr rips up Banks\u2019 flower and puches a hole through his hat.) Mr Dawes", "Banks:": " Bank", "Bankers:": "", "Bank clerk:": "Mr Mr Dawes"}, "meninblack.php": {"DRIVER": "Damn bugs. He reaches down and hits a button. Wiper fluid squirts onto the windshield and the wipers spread the bug goo everywhere.", "AGENT JANUS": "What -- blast? Kay gestures behind him, where the Men in Black are now using fire extinguishers to douse the flames they themselves started.", "KAY": "See you around, sport. Jay raises the neuralyzer. With a brilliant", "DEE": "The stars. We never just -- look. Anymore. (back to Kay) I'll tell ya, Kay. I will miss the chase. Kay pulls his neuralyzer from his pocket and looks down at", "JANUS": "Who are you, really?", "OF FRAME.": "A new set of feet come into frame. These belong to", "EDWARDS": "Put what on?", "COP": "Oh, the cat. There's a problem with the cat. Sign here. Laurel signs his clipboard.", "PERP": "He's coming! He's coming because I failed, and now he'll kill me too!", "CUT TO:": "", "INSPECTOR": "I don't know. Send it with the stiff. Let family claim it. The Cop nods and follows the stretcher with Rosenberg's body into the back of one of the ambulances, allowing the cat to ride on the chest of its dead owner for the time being. The doors of the wagon", "SERGEANT": "I think he threw him off the roof. Ten minutes -- your best shot.", "LAUREL": "(walking towards them) Hey, guys, we're nowhere near my apartment. We're not even on the right island.", "VOICE (O.S.)": "Just what exactly do you think you're doing? The Orkin Man turns around.", "LAUREL (O.S.)": "\"Orion.\" That's a pretty name. From out in the corridor, a bell rings --", "PAWN SHOP.": "", "JEEBS": "I don't know! Kay lowers his gun, gestures to the shelf full of weapons.", "KAY (O.S.)": "No, they don't want much, do they?", "JEEBS (O.S.)": "(irritated) Don't do that. Edwards whirls around to see Jeebs'", "WAITRESS": "Another beer?", "MIB": "", "EDGAR (O.S.)": "Stay here! The silhouette of Edgar leaps to its feet, races to the door, and throws it open. Edgar is everything his voice led us to expect -- a nasty, bug-eyed redneck carrying a twelve-gauge shotgun. His mouth agape, he walks across the yard and", "EDGAR": "Put my hands on my head? Edgar stares at him. Then flexes his arms, still encased in flesh. His giant pincers", "BEATRICE": "Yes! He asked for water. Sugar water, if I remember.", "GUARD,": "the rent-a-cop kind, reading a comic book on a folding metal chair halfway across. Edwards walks across the room, his footsteps", "GUARD": "Elevator. Push the \"call\" button. And he goes back to his comic book. Edwards, maybe out of nothing more than curiosity at this point, walks across the room, toward the elevator. As he draws close, the elevator doors", "ZED": "I think the word's already out. Our friends are coming back. (then) Got an authorized landing at Times Square. You and Jay check it out on the way back... And pick me up one", "NYPD.": "They all turn and regard Edwards a little smugly. He gives it back.", "AMBITIOUS RECRUIT": "(loud and formal) Jake Jensen, West Point, graduate with honors. We're here because you're looking for the best of the best of the best, sir! Edwards tries to stifle a laugh, but can't.", "FIGURE": "stands, staring, unemotional.", "around:": "at each other, at the blank walls...", "MARINE": "(clipped, unquestioning) Looking for the best of the best of the best.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "ORKIN MAN": "Well -- yeah. Don't you want to get rid of 'em?", "CONTROL": "", "PASSPORT OFFICER": "Carrying any fruits or vegetables? Edwards just stares, fascinated, but Kay grabs him by the arm and hurries him along.", "ARQUILLIAN": "To the continued reign of the Arquillian Empire.", "ZED'S": "", "ZED (O.S.)": "Kay. Jay and Kay cross back toward the", "EDWARDS III.": "Kay punches a couple keys, and the cursor begins to sweep from right to left, starting to eliminate the rightmost letters of Edwards's name.", "\"JAMES...\" \"JAM...\"": "", "JAMES": "D", "JAY": "I'll talk to Dennis Rodman, it's his damn planet.", "BEE": "Humanoid?", "REDGICK": "We just don't like the neighborhood anymore. Some of the -- new arrivals. Redgick looks at Kay, clearly concealing something, but darts his eyes away.", "(re: analyzer)": "Please -- not green. Purple. And then green. Kay closes his eyes and sits back, leaning against the dirt. Above him,", "ROSENBERG": "(in English again) You can kill us both -- but you will Page 56/108", "(re: Kay)": "But don't tell that guy. He looks like he's already under enough stress. (then) This body is not really a body, but it's actually some sort of transport unit for something else altogether.", "BALTIAN": "(faltering) Galaxy on -- or -- or -- Orion's -- (thinks) What is word? Be...?", "\"SUBJECT ACQUIRED.\"": "The image comes into sharp focus on one back yard in particular, where we get a good look at a", "SUBJECT LOST": "Kay sits back in the chair and eats a potato chip morosely. Jay looks at", "picture:": "A", "SEEN.": "", "YELLS...": "", "VENDOR": "I don't know, the city morgue! Edgar shoves him away roughly. But before he leaves, his eye catches a postcard display marked", "TONY": "Do what? Tony looks down, to where Edgar's hands rest on the counter. Half a dozen cockroaches stream out of his sleeve.", "VOICE": "from the corridor outside.", "JAY (O.S.)": "Hello? Roughly, Edgar pulls Laurel close and puts a finger to his lips -- \"Shhhhhhh.\"", "SIZZLE.": "Kay furrows his brow. Odd.", "SORRY": "", "shattering news:": "", "ZOOMING": "over the bottlenecked traffic underneath. As they race through the tunnel, they have a minute to kill.", "BUG": "Don't do that! Jay stares right back at the Bug. Inside, he sees Kay's hand, closing around the trigger of the shotgun. He brings it around, pointing up, straight at the Bug's head.", "ELLE": "Let's roll. Both car doors", "BLASTS": "away from the curb.", "FROM SPACE": "Earth is just a tiny ball in our solar system."}, "mission-impossible2 (1).pdf": {"FADE IN:": "A", "GUARD": "(sarcastic) Right.  Then I guess I'll have to trot off to see who's pinching eyeliner, won't", "NEKHORVICH": "who turns the barrel from the hyper-thermal chamber and releases into his wrist.", "CAPTAIN'S VOICE": "You Captain again.  We've experienced a slight but abrupt drop in cabin pressure..  A passenger struggling with his mask.  As Nekhorvich fumbles with the strap on his mask he notes that the display screen shows their altitude is below 30,000 feet and dropping.  He checks the", "ETHAN": "Let's get lost. And in a moment they've vanished from the frame and into the crowd.  Camera begins to pull back, the bustling crowd ever filling the frame - and in the distance, perhaps, just a splash of a bouquet of flowers can be seen, appearing to bounce along on its own, the rising beat of the", "shoulder:": "", "CAPTAIN": "(into radio) Pan, pan, pan, Denver Center.  This is Trans Pac Flight two-two-zero-seven, 747 heavy.  We are not reading you.  We're unable to maintain cabin pressurization. We have initiated a descent to one six", "CO-PILOT": "Captain, I don't..can't.. He passes out.  The Captain,", "AMBROSE": "Hunt.  You should have killed me. Near Hunt's feet is his own gun, obscured from Ambrose's view by dust from the copter.  Ethan tosses the canister to Luther and then kicks his gun up out of the dirt and into the air.  He catches it, drops down and fires, killing Ambrose.", "STAMP": "Afraid he's got no choice.  I believe I broke his jaw.", "WALLIS": "Shut up.  I know what I'm doing. Wallis breaks hard, but not hard", "VOICE": "Terrain, terrain.  Pull up, pull up. The co-pilot stirs.  He blearily rouses himself just in time to", "see:": "A mountain rushing toward him.  As mountain meets airplane, the frame is filled with fire, but when camera pulls back from the fireball, it is in fact no more than a match head filling frame, which ignited, lights a fuse..", "lizard:": "", "ELECTRONIC VOICE": "Identity confirmed.", "SWANBECK": "Oh, you don't have to do that. Wouldn't be a vacation if you did. Ethan and Swanbeck exchange one final, knowing glance.", "SWANBECK'S VOICE": "Your mission, should you choose to accept it, requires you to recover a stolen item, designated Chimera.  Essential to the mission is the recruitment of a civilian -- a Miss Nyah Nordoff-Hall.  She is a highly capable professional thief currently", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "NYAH": "Oh.  Well.. He kisses her with a conviction that is more than a match for hers.", "then:": "", "ETHAN'S VOICE": "'Somewhere in Sydney?'  Care to harden the target?", "LOOKING UP": "more or less, hands locked behind his neck as he rests against the raked back of the tub, his eyes and nose inches from Nyah's lower pelvic region as she straddles him.  Not exactly in the mood to", "to move:": "She stiffens - he knows too damn much.", "ETHAN' VOICE": "Would you like it? She hits the End button and disconnects.  The phone immediately rings again.  She refuses to pick up.  Ethan pulls alongside hers. She looks at him.  They speak through the open cars.", "VENDOR": "Si, senor.", "VLADIMIR NEKHORVICH": "", "a dime:": "", "LUTHER": "(dryly, looking at Billy) And the check's in the mall.", "BILLY": "Right.  Just remember, mates.  Billy Baird's the name.  Anything you need to get, move or watch, I'm your man. And Billy's gone.  Ethan and Luther remain alone, both reluctant to say anything, both reluctant to leave. One quick bear hug,", "THE CIGARETTE": "idles into shadow water but the props start chewing into the sand - the boatman grumbles he can't get any closer.  The slender figure has moved to the shoreline and the angle of the light changes - Ambrose is waiting. Nyah hesitates only a flicker of an instant, slips over the side into thigh-high water without taking her eyes off Ambrose.", "length apart:": "", "MCCLOY'S VOICE": "John", "FADE:": "", "AMBROSE'S VOICE": "On the other hand we know where Hunt will be and he doesn't know we're coming..", "DISSOLVE:": "", "POV ETHAN": "Stamp, stands a pillar, his finger bandages, looking glum and looking down at Nyah.", "CEO.": "", "direction:": "", "BILLY'S VOICE": "They're tracking you on the left, Ethan. Prepare for some fire.", "ETHAN (CONT'D)": "(looking into camera) This is going to take a couple of minutes..", "AMBROSE (CONT'D)": "You picked another winner!", "THE HEADLINES": "announce that John", "MCCLOY": "(apprehensive) What exactly do you intend to do with him? Ambrose walks behind Ethan and kicks his knees out from under him.  Ethan falls to the floor.", "OPERATOR": "Where to?", "Then:": "", "BIOCYTE LAB": "Only about eight personnel -- chemists in lab coats, workers in bio-containment suits, etc. -- populate the lab, passing through security door and air locks, monitoring the virus stock, pading the injection gun, etc.", "LUTHER'S VOICE": "Ethan, we've got her.  Tracking to you now. We're reading 5 minutes 19 seconds.", "saturnine intensity:": "", "ETHAN'S DESCENT": "is so swift it appears as though he's going to hit the atrium louvers but as he reaches roof level they crack open just enough for him to dart thru like thread thru a needle Luther begins the countdown.  His countdown continues, running under the action and dialogue below.", "WITH LUTHER": "", "GENERATORS": "turn over and roar to life.", "CLOSE LUTHER": "On his computer screen the yellow dot continues its ascent, the two dots growing ever closer.", "COMPUTER VOICE": "Subject is contaminate free.  Zero contaminate factor.  Subject contaminate free.", "THE HAMMER": "pulls back.", "SWANBECK (CONT'D)": "Something else?", "CHEMIST": "It's a", "STAMP'S VOICE": "More or less.", "continue as:": "", "LUTHER' VOICE": "Roger that.", "GPS COMPUTER": "The target is located.", "ULRICH": "I can't get a good shot. Before an intersection, Ethan both revs and brakes, spinning the bike and creating a smoke screen.  Wallis' car enters the smoke.", "SKY NEWSCASTER": "This incident in the wake of rumors suddenly surfacing about Mr. McCloy and Biocyte's financial difficulties -- including criminal allegations of insider trading, embezzlement, conspiracy to commit fraud, and stock parking -- have,"}, "pirates-of-the-caribbean-dead-mans-chest-2006.pdf": {"FADE UP:": "1", "MAN'S VOICE": "Fifteen men on a dead man's chest, yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum ... The", "GIBBS": "And bad!  Bad for every mother's son what calls himself \"pirate!\" (heads off) I think there's a bit more speed to be coaxed out of these sails. Where's the Commodore? And my prayers to him. (lowers his head a brief second, raises it) Best not wallow in our grief. The bright side is, you're back, and we Lord on high -- deliver us. But Jack is oddly unafraid. He lifts the jar over his head. Points at the jar, nods. Smiles and waves -- Aye, Captain! Into the swells! Go square to the wind! All hands, run her full! Elizabeth and Will pitch in, pulling and securing lines. Pintel kisses the deck of the ship. Aye! We've got her! Against the wind the Dutchman beats us. That's how she takes her prey. But with  the wind -- (to Will) We've only half a dozen barrels of powder! Will goes below deck. Heave!  Heave!  Heave like you're being paid for it! Pirates at the capstan put their backs into it.  The rope net rises, filled with gunpowder barrels and rum -- 157 Aye.  And, already, the world seems bit less bright without him.  Tricked us all, right to the end, but that streak of honest finally won out. The words hit Elizabeth hard. Aye!", "JACK": "Huh. Not bad, really. And then Jack notices something -- his hat! Caught on some of the pinkish cilia surrounding the mouth.  Jack leaps for it, snags it, puts it on. Straightens the hat ... he feels a little better now.  Looks up, and faces his doom --", "JACK (CONT'D)": "Mind if we take a little side trip? Didn't think so.* Using this makeshift oar, Jack turns the coffin, rows toward the Pearl ... 6 Gentlemen, what do keys do? Set sail in a general ... that way direction. Right. That's why. He makes his way carefully to the door -- 16 (shouts) Not big enough! Heads turn. Jack strides toward the empty spit. Points at the wood pile beneath it. Not big enough! (in Cannibalese ) I am the Chief! More wood! I need more wood! Big fire! (widens his arms.) Not running away, no ... Jack shifts into Cannibal language, saying the same with clicks and grunts. He pours out spice, rubs it on his body. See? 52 (sotto) I thought I knew you. See? (a glance up) Perhaps you can give it the crocodile treatment? Tia Dalma  opens the cage.  The Monkey runs free. But now we do, so all that is left is to slip aboard the Flying Dutchman, take the key, and then you can go back to Port Royal and save your bonnie lass. Will scowls, thinking of the task ahead. Jack starts off -- And ... did I mention he is in love? I'd embrace you but I fear it might stick. Jack lifts his hand to eye-level ... and the Gibbs, what is the worth of a man's soul? ... But through an unfortunate and entirely unforeseeable series of circumstances that have nothing whatsoever to do with me ... poor Will was press-ganged into Davy Jones' crew. This Compass is unique. What you want most in the world is to find the chest of Davy Jones, is it not? Mr. Gibbs!  We have our heading! There's a signature. Full pardon ... commission as a privateer on behalf of England and the East India Trading Company ... Norrington looks up at that ... continues scrubbing. (stuffs them into his jacket) As if I could be bought, not for this low of a price.  Fate worse than death, living a life like that ... My tremendous intuitive sense of the female creature informs me you are troubled. You know, I am Captain of a ship.  I could perform a marriage right here, right on this deck, right now. Hold on, now, um, wait, just a second now ... Elizabeth reacts -- Hello, beastie . He pulls his sword, and charges forward -- 169", "GIBBS (CONT'D)": "Captain, I think the crew -- meaning me as well -- were expecting something a bit more ... shiny. Jack almost walks into What with Isla de Muerta going all pear-shaped, reclaimed by the sea, and the treasure with it -- Jack -- (to the crew) Cast off! Cast off! Pintel and Ragetti run for the ship What\u2019s your story? The man is unshaven, drunk, unkempt, but when he raises his head, his eyes are clear. When he speaks, we recognize the voice -- surprise -- it is To Jack Sparrow! Gibbs raises his glass; the others follow suit.", "LEECH": "And the Royal Navy chasing us all around the Atlantic -- Don't blame the bird. Just show us what's on that piece of cloth you got there. Jack sneaks a peek at what's on the cloth, considers his response, starts in -- They unlock things? Heading, Captain? Gibbs! We've got a plan! 47 (calling back) Actually, we don\u2019t need everyone. About six would do. A moment as this sinks in ... and Leech realizes he said too much. Each cage scrambles for the top. It has become a race, whichever gets away first will leave the other behind.", "MARTY": "And the hurricane! It's a key. So -- do we have a heading? Have you noticed lately, the Captain seems to be acting a bit -- strange? (off Gibbs' look) Er? (to Cotton) Mind the boat. Cotton turns -- the only person left is the Parrot.  Before Cotton can speak (which he can't) --", "COTTON'S PARROT": "Walk the plank! Jack's pistol is out, aimed at the Parrot. Don't eat me! Don't eat me! Will studies the jungle, looking for a path.  Aye Aye, sir! Will does a double-take. Grins, pulls his sword and steps forward, hacking his way in -- 37 Mind the boat. 74", "MERCER.": "11", "ELIZABETH": "What are the charges? We are British subjects under jurisdiction of the King's Governor of Port Royal, and we demand to know the charges against us. (admits it) Captain Jack Sparrow. Jack's compass? Why would Beckett want that? Will is outside the cell, a Guard in the background. Swann stands discretely back, but listening in. I have faith in you ... both of you. (reminding Swann) It's Cutler Beckett that can't be trusted. Don't say that.  You were right. Will steps close to Elizabeth. I share the consequences ... gladly. How are you going to find him? Her certainty is infectious. He intertwines her fingers with his, around the bars. Properly? Her flirtatiousness is infectious, too. No.  Will has gone -- He is a better man than you give him credit. Yet you ask me to leave without you. Then what is? I expect, then, we can reach an understanding.  I am here to negotiate. You haven't raised an alarm. These Letters of Marque.  They are signed by the King -- but blank. Or else I wouldn't still be here. Information. You sent Will to get you the Compass owned by Jack Sparrow. It will do you no good. I have been to Isle de Muerta . I have seen the treasure myself. There is something you need to know. Consider into your calculations that you robbed me of my wedding night. She gestures to the letters.  Beckett moves to the desk as he signs and affixes his seals. These are not going to Jack. He does not release his hold of them. What's that over there? Everyone looks.  The deck burns ... with the word I just wanted the pleasure of doing that myself. Now let's toss this scoundrel out of here, and have a drink! The men roar their approval -- 87 James Norrington. What has the world done to you? Captain Sparrow. I've come to find the man I love. Jack pulls up short, eyes her warily. Meaning William Turner, Captain Sparrow. Jack peers at her. Jack.  I know Will set out to find you.  Where is he? Davy Jones. Sh. Jack, all I want is to find Will. That's not news to Jack -- but the way she phrased it sparks an idea. Of course. And you have a way to do that? How can we find it? Where does it point? To save Will. How dare you! Yes, they are signed.  Sir Cutler Beckett, of the East India Trading Company. This catches Gibbs' attention.  He looks at Jack,  fearful. Jack nods. Beckett ... may have said something about a chest. Not what either man wanted to hear. Persuasion. Decidedly not. Jack.  The letters?  Give them back. You do know Will taught me how to handle a sword. I don't know what you mean. Don't be absurd. I trust him, that's all. No thank you. Except for a, oh, a sense of decency and honor, and a moral center.  And personal hygiene You seem quite certain. Why doesn't your Compass work? Jack is caught off-guard. Because you and I are alike. And there will come a moment where you have the chance to show it -- to do the right thing. (ignores him) You will have a chance to do something brave, and in that moment you will discover something. He spreads his arms -- 'what?' I have faith in you. Do you know why? Curiosity . (moves close) You\u2019re going to want it. A chance to be admired ... and gain the rewards that follow. You won\u2019t be able to resist. You\u2019ll going to want to know And since you are a good man, I know you would never put me in a position to compromise my honor. They are very close to each other. Jack fights his desire. Raises his hand to stroke her hair -- -- and sees There's not. Stories. Isla Cruces.  The Church came to the island, and brought salvation ... and disease, and death. They say the priest had to bury every body, one after the other. (beat) It doesn't work! It doesn't show you what you want most. Jack looks at the Compass without touching it.  Beg pardon? It's real. Will -- you're all right! Thank God. I came looking for you -- What? Everything you said to me ... every word was a lie. No. This is barbaric. This is not how grown men settle their -- oh, fine! Let's just all haul out our swords and start banging away at each other! Have at it! That will solve everything. Well I've had it I swear! This is madness! This is -- She swoons, faints. Lies still. Opens one eye. None of them even noticed. Then she We're not getting out of this. You're mad. We have to take Will. Pintel and Ragetti -- intimidated by Elizabeth -- jump to carry out her command, lift Will into the longboat. 142 Norrington took it -- to draw them off. Gibbs makes a line fast; the Black Pearl is already underway. Hard a starboard! Hurry, men!  Move! The crew scrambles and the Black Pearl tacks hard. She's falling behind! (calls out) She's turning away! The Pirates What was that? Jack races down to the deck, drops to his knees, paws through the sand. Just sand. We must have hit a reef! Will frowns. He has heard that exact phrase before. What is it? Will .... No boats! Will looks over -- the boats are smashed.  He knocks over a barrel, kicks it rolling toward the hold -- As soon as you're clear! Coward. The boat lurches. Elizabeth fights to keep her balance. All eyes look down, scared at what might be beneath them. Even Cotton's Parrot seems to look down. It's after you, not the ship ... not us. It's the only way. (she looks up) I'm not sorry. Jack nods accepting the fate, the logic of what she has done. He says -- with some admiration -- He elected to stay behind. To give us a chance.  Go! Will nods, thinking he understands the kiss now -- 168 ... yes.", "WILL": "Nothing. What is it as has Jack spooked? Taken. Taken. (disbelief) By Davy  Jones. And the key will spare him that? Her. (to Pintel) Mind the boat. We're looking for this .. and what it goes to. What vexes all men? Tia Dalma  smiles at him. Exactly what did he put into the chest? You knew this. It seems we have a need to find the Flying Dutchman. He smiles at her -- can she help? Tia Dalma regards him, smiles knowingly back. She scoops up the crab claws and throws them again on the table. That's the Flying Dutchman? She doesn't look like much. I row over, and search the ship until I find your bloody key. I cut down anyone in my path. I bring you the key, you give me the Compass. Mister -- Sailor, there's no use. You've run aground -- Jack Sparrow sent me to settle his debt. Davy Jones is at first surprised -- then insulted. He asks the question again. Jack Sparrow sent me ... to settle his debt. Jones' skin actually darkens in anger, the way a squid might change color when confronted with an enemy. Step aside. I don't need your help. So I'm to understand what you did was an act of compassion? Bootstrap stares at him -- yes, it was.  Will accepts it. I lifted the curse you were under ... knowing it would mean your death. But, at least, you would no longer suffer the fate handed to you by Barbossa. Bootstrap nods, understanding the reasoning -- but stops, Captain Barbossa. The man who led the mutiny aboard the Black Pearl? Who left you to live forever at the bottom of the ocean. I've sworn no oath. Not until I find this. He displays the drawing of the key. Not this . (shakes the cloth) This. You know of it? Wyvern's eyes blink. This! The key! Wyvern's not comprehending. The captain has the key? Wyvern looks suddenly scared.  He's said too much. Where is the chest? Like I said -- I don't need your help. Will moves off.  Bootstrap follows.  Suddenly Wyvern I get it. You can raise number of dice or number of pips. (to Bootstrap) What are they wagering? Any member of the crew can be challenged? I challenge Davy Jones. All crew members within earshot are shocked. The sound of I wager everything I own. I wager a hundred years of service. Bootstrap Bill is shocked. My father's freedom. Two threes. A woman need not cause you to be desperate ... if you choose the right woman. Four threes. Jones is stung by that one. I choose my own Fate. Five sixes. What? That's a crazy bid. Jones stares at Will, trying to see if he's bluffing. Decides he is not. Another game. Bootstrap -- and Jones -- are amazed. Then why are you walking away? Davy Jones eyes him, sits. I wager my soul.  An eternity of servitude. No. Bootstrap checks his dice.  Bootstrap has 5,5,2,2,3.  Jones has 5,5,5,3,3.  Will has 5,5,3,3,4. Don't do this. Five threes. You fool!  Why did you do that? It was never about winning or losing. Will stares at him.  Bootstrap figures it out. You have to come with me. You can't stay here. (quietly) You didn't have to choose it for yourself, either. They'll know you helped me. I will take this. With a promise. I will find a way to sever Jones'  hold on you. I will not rest until this blade pierces his heart. (takes the knife) I promise. I will not abandon you. Just put as many leagues behind us as you can, as fast as you can. That dress. Where did you get it? That's foolish. (the devil, indeed) Or worse. It's the Dutchman! (to himself) I've doomed us all .. With good reason. Elizabeth looks over. Will is there. Dripping wet, still breathing hard.  She races toward him. I'm fine, I'm fine, I know. I like your hair. Jack scans the seas, worried. Sea turtles, mate. A pair of them, strapped to my feet. But I do owe you thanks, Jack. -- I was reunited with my father. I'm going to kill Jones. There is the I keep the promises I make. I intend to free my father. I hope you're here to see it. There is You look awful. Guard the chest. He moves back to the fight. Elizabeth glares at him -- By your leave, Mister Norrington Will reaches the top as the tower Be my guest. Will's fine with that, relaxes to watch.  Norrington turns to Jack -- Good show! Even as Will starts toward Norrington, expecting them both to get down to the ground and go after the You're very handy with a blade, but we both know how this is going to end. Norrington knocks Will back onto the huge What happened to the chest? We're the faster? My father is on that ship! If we can outrun her, we can take her! We should turn and fight! No. It's not a reef. Get away from the rail. The Kraken To arms! Load guns -- defend the masts! Boathooks to the prow, don't let it get a grip!  It will attack to starboard.  I've seen it before! Set cannons and hold for my signal! Jack winces in fear. No heart, the Black Spot on his hand Hold Fire!  Hold! Fire! Fuses lit, It will be back! He turns, yells to Elizabeth -- Pull the grids!  All the gunpowder, onto the net in the cargo hold! Pirates scramble to comply.  Will grabs a rifle, tosses it to Elizabeth, who catches it. Then use the rum. Pirates hesitate, look at Gibbs.  Gibbs Haul away! (yells out to sea) Come on, come and get me! Where's Jack? It doesn't matter.  The Pearl's gone ... along with its captain. If there was anything could be done to bring him back, Elizabeth ... Aye. Tia Dalma  is pleased.", "WILL (CONT'D)": "You look beautiful. Elizabeth smiles at the incongruity of the statement to the situation ... and her own first thought. Good to see a familiar face. Sorry. That was uncalled-for. (steps close) Listen -- if anyone should ask, tell them Will Turner, against his better judgment went into the jungle in search of Jack Sparrow. Understand? Come on! Who's next? I can do this all day! A Cannibal I'm ready! Come on! I'm right here -- A dart Jack? Jack, it's me, Will Turner. Tell them to let me go. Jack examines Will. Pinches his arm, inspecting him. Points to Will's groin, shakes his head.  Makes a 'snip' gesture. The Cannibals look disappointed. Jack. Listen -- (notices the Compass) The Compass. That's all I need. Jack -- Elizabeth is in danger. We were arrested -- for helping you. She faces the gallows! What did you tell them? No! Jack doesn't answer. As they drag Will past, he whispers out of the corner of his mouth two Put your feet through. Start to climb! Each group pulls, climbs up the cliff wall. Then I guess I am my father's son. (off Bootstrap's questioning look) For nearly a year, I've been telling myself that I killed you -- to save you. (points at the drawing of the key) The key.  It's supposed to be on the ship.  Jack wanted it ... maybe it is a way out? To the chest! Where is the key? I want this. You can still walk away. Jones scowls; his octopus beard bristles. One of the tentacles reaches into his shirt, pulls the key out  -- he keeps it on a chain around his neck. Will registers the key -- smiles. They slam down their cups -- then Get off the ship -- Whatever you do, don't miss. She registers the gun, the gunpowder dropped into the cargo hold.", "SWANN": "You.  Order your men stand down, and remove these things at once. Cutler Beckett? Lord or not, you have no reason and no authority to arrest this man. This is for Elizabeth Swann! Commodore Norrington resigned his commission several months ago. And we haven't seen him since! I believe he can. Governor Swann, still. I'm not wearing this wig to keep my head warm, you know.  Carruthers, isn't it?  Enjoy your job, Mr. Carruthers ? Very good. Swann smiles, then inclines his head toward the door.  The Guard gets the hint, exits. On Will, as he speaks to Elizabeth through the bars. That you would put your life at risk to save Sparrow's does not mean he would do the same for anyone else. (grim humor) Where is that silly dog with the keys? Come quickly! Elizabeth hurries out.  Swann gives Carruthers a nod, and follows. Our name still holds some sway with the King.  I've arranged passage for you back to England.  The captain is an old friend -- She stops. We cannot count on William Turner. Please -- this is no time for innocence. (draws a pistol) Beckett has offered only one pardon. One.  And it has been promised to Sparrow.  Even if Will succeeds ... I must stay.  There are still men loyal to me here, and Beckett is wary of my ties to the Crown.  Perhaps ...  I can ensure Will a fair trial, if he returns. Then there is nothing for you here. He closes the door on her. Turns away, unable to watch, as the carriage moves off -- 39 (to Elizabeth) Stay inside. He leaps down, hurries toward figures. Elizabeth! Even as he goes after Swann, Mercer Who? Mercer puts a hand around Swann's throat and slams him hard back against the carriage -- but his voice remains calm. She was always a willful child. Manacles clang shut on Swann's wrists.  One last glance inside the carriage as he's led away. 40 I assure you these are not necessary. You have news of her? Beckett flicks the sword point toward Mercer. Justice?  Hardly. Beckett shoves the sword back into its sheathe, an oddly threatening gesture. What do you want from me? To you. Do what you can for my daughter. Mercer approaches with the key.  Unshackles Swann's wrists with a loud", "SWANN (CONT'D)": "(the soldier makes no move) Did you hear me? Captain Hawkins ! It becomes apparent that the non-captain figure --", "BECKETT": "Governor Wetherby Swann.  My apologies for arriving without an invitation. That cannot be your daughter, little Elizabeth? It's Lord, now, actually. In fact, I do.  Mister Mercer? * Mercer steps up -- hardly anyone's image of a clerk -- opens a large dispatch case.  Beckett rifles through it, removes several documents.  Hands them to Swann as he lists them. (takes it back) Is it?  How odd ... my mistake. He turns back to the case -- (ignoring her) Aha.  Here's the warrant for William Turner.  And I have another one for a James Norrington.  Any idea where he is? That does not seem an answer to the question I asked. The charge is conspiring to secure the unlawful release of a convict, charged and tried for crimes against the Crown and Empire, and condemned to death.  For which, regrettably, the punishment is also death.  You Yes. I thought you might. A jerk of his head, and Will and Elizabeth are taken away. Elizabeth glances back at Swann.  Swann hates it, but gives her a slight (indicating the chains) Those won't be necessary. Soldiers remove Will's shackles, exit. A map of the world, unfinished, drawn onto the wall itself, dominates the office.  It would not be in the best interests of the Empire to be bound by matters of geography, would it?  After all, when goods do not cross borders, armies will. Will is not keen on Beckett's economic lesson.  To We've had dealings in the past ... and we have each left our marks on the other. He turns it so that Will can clearly see the cane's tip -- which has a raised, reversed capital By your efforts Jack Sparrow was set free. I ask you to go to him, and recover a certain property in his possession. Bargain.  To mutual benefit and for fair value. Beckett moves to a case. Removes a set of papers -- elaborate in design, signed by the King of England. Freedom. 26 Ext.  Jack Sparrow is a dying breed.  The world is shrinking, the blank edges of the map filled in. Jack will have to find a place in the New World, or perish. He turns and focuses on Will. We have plenty of ships.  The Black Pearl is of no interest to us.  No, Mr. Turner, the item in question is considerably smaller and far more valuable, something Sparrow keeps on his person at all times.  A Compass. No doubt, you've discovered that loyalty is no longer the currency of the realm, as your father believes. Elizabeth steps out of the shadows. Currency is the currency of the realm. I am listening. Elizabeth reveals the pistol -- aimed at Beckett. This does not seem to be a situation I cannot handle. Elizabeth lays out the Letters of Marque on the desk. And not valid until they bear my signature and seal. And what do you think you have to offer me, young lady? Do explain. She lowers the pistol. Ah. I see. You think the Compass points only to Isle de Muerta . And so you hope to save me from an evil fate. I am afraid you are mistaken, Miss Swann. I care not for cursed Aztec Gold. My desires are not so So I did.  A marriage interrupted -- or Fate intervenes?  You are making great effort to ensure Sparrow's freedom. He extends the letters; she reaches for them. Really?  To ensure Mr. Turner's freedom, then.  But what of you and Jack?  And what of me?  I'll still want the compass.  Consider that in your calculations. With that, he releases the letters.  Elizabeth steps away There is something to knowing the exact shape of the world -- and your place in it.  Do you agree? Swann glares back.  Raises his arms, shackled in chains. I pray not.  I had you brought here because I thought you'd be interested in the whereabouts of your daughter. Including the former owner of this sword, I believe. Our ships have been dispatched to the hunt, sir, and justice will be dealt by cannonade and cutlass.  To all.  Unless ... it is made known that the pirates have taken a captive, one whose safety eclipses all other Why, no more than has always been required.  Lend your authority as governor, and the respect you command in London ... in service to the crown. To England. (smiles) Shall I remove the shackles?  I suspect they are in fact in not necessary. Swann considers.  No choice. Do you see, Mercer?  Each man has a price he will gladly accept ... even for goods he hoped never to sell. Word on the chest? James Norrington? Norrington is to one side, under armed escort. If you intend to claim these, then you must have something to trade. You have the compass? Remarkable. Better. Beckett takes the presentation case from the shelf behind him, sets it on his desk. Flips it open as he walks toward the balcony doors. There is a Oh, no, no, no. No. That would be terribly imprudent. Where is the profit in killing Jones when we can instead add another ship to your fleet? Norrington looks at him quizzically. Just the way I imagined it.", "BECKETT (CONT'D)": "My appointment to the Royal Commission for Antilles Trade and Protection. The Commission charter, granting it extraordinary powers in matter both governmental and military.  And the warrant for the arrest of one William (offhanded, to the soldiers) Arrest her. Soldiers grab Elizabeth.  What struggles she and Will can put up is easily overwhelmed by sheer numbers. We wish for you to act as our agent in a business transaction with our mutual friend, Captain Sparrow. Not unlike you.  You and your fiancee face the hangman's noose.  Certainly that's motivation enough for you to convince Captain Sparrow to accept our offer.  And for you to accept, as well.  Mr. Turner? I am listening intently. There is more than one chest of value in these waters. So perhaps you wish to enhance your offer -- The pistol Reinstatement to your former rank and status, all rights and privileges attendant. And I believe a promotion is due, as well. Do you agree, Admiral Norrington? Norrington is overwhelmed -- and then, with military The Flying Dutchman. He opens the doors. Beyond, people on the dock stare at --", "ELIZABETH/WILL": "(automatically) Captain. They glance at each other.", "BOOTSTRAP": "No. You got the Pearl back, I see. Jack is caught up staring at Bootstrap. William? (Jack nods) He ended up a pirate, after all. That's something, then. Though no credit to me. Davy Jones. He sent me as an emissary. Jack nods. He's been expecting this. I chose it. (beat) I'm sorry for the part I played in mutiny'ng against you, Jack. Jack waves it off. It did. Davy Jones came. Made the offer.  I could spend one hundred years before the mast, with the hope that after, I would go on to a peaceful rest. You made a deal with him, too, Jack. He raised the Pearl from the depths for you, and thirteen years you've been her Captain. You won't be able to talk your way out of this. (a crab crawls out of Bootstrap; he crushes and eats it) The terms what applied to me apply Then it's the Locker for you.  Jones' leviathan will find you and drag the Pearl back to the depths, and you along with it. I told you, Mind yourself! Bootstrap shoves Will aside; Will stares at him ... then grabs Bootstrap's shoulder, pulls him around to face him -- I'll take it all. My son. (stronger) That's my son. Will twists around to stare at Bootstrap. Davy Jones looks between the two. Aye. Davy Jones considers, nodding. He takes the lash. I won't -- The Bo'sun prides himself on cleaving flesh from bone with every swing. You killed me? Who is Barbossa? Then ... you must get away. You have it right there. Will peers at him -- realizes what he means. I've never seen no key.  You can't find what haint here to be found. Wondering how it's played? I'm free Jones. Davy Jones starts to get up -- I'm in. Matching his wager, an eternity ... in service to you. I bid three twos. The die's been cast, Will. Your bid, Captain. Six threes. I couldn't let you lose. The key ... Captain says I'm to relieve you. Greenbeard looks at him, skeptical. Take this, too. Always meant for you to have it. Get yourself to land, and stay there. Will does not take the knife. I'm bound to the ship, but by the Captain's leave -- It was always in my blood I'd die at sea. That's not a fate I ever wanted for you. Will looks away from him. I can say I did what I had to when I left to go pirating ... but it would taste a lie to say it wasn't what I wanted. You owe me nothing, Will. Go. What more can they do to me? Will regards the knife. Please ... Will should not be punished on account of Jack Sparrow.  It's him you want --", "BOOTSTRAP (CONT'D)": "Everything went wrong after that. I ended up cursed, doomed to the depths of the ocean, the weight of the water crushing down on me. Unable to move ... unable to die. All I could do was think.  And mostly I Hey now! Bootstrap is ready for a fight ... and then gets his first look at Will. His eyes widen in recognition ... then despair. No. Not you. Crewmen start to move the hanging cannon -- the line is not fast, so it swings away, falls -- Will grabs to catch the (shakes his head) Those who've done things to you, you tend to forget. It's the things you've done to others ... those are the things that hang on. Will scowls at him, puzzled. It's the gift and the lie given by Jones.  You join the crew and think you've cheated the powers ... but it's not reprivation you've found. It's oblivion.  Losing what you were, bit by bit, 'til you end up ... end Once you've sworn an oath to the Dutchman, there's no leaving it. Not till your debt is paid.  By then, you're not just on the ship, but of it. (beat) Call me liar, or up the bid. Captain. Says. Greenbeard takes the word of warning, leaves. Bootstrap nods to Will as he breaks cover and heads for -- 97", "GUARD": "Here, now!  You can't be here! Swann has followed Will through the door. Mister Swann! Yes, sir.  Particularly when the folks come to visit the prisoners.", "ELIZABETH (CONT'D)": "I'll wait for you. That you are a good man. I'm proud of you, Jack. He smiles weakly. Suddenly, a call down from", "SAILOR": "Jack Sparrow? Captain Jack Sparrow? Owes me four doubloons. Heard he was dead. 29 Ghost of a lady widowed before her marriage, I figure it, searching for her husband lost at sea -- That's seaweed. Hoist the inner jib. Bring up with a round turn. Captain's orders. The Sailor repeats his pointless actions. Squeak-squeak! No ... Beneath us ... Foul breath ... waves took Billy and Quentin  ... Captain's orders! He keeps pulling, determined. Squeak-squeak! A wave hits, and the hull shudders -- and a Cruel bastard. Captain!  A ship's been spotted! She's not flying any, sir.", "BARTENDER": "-- ran an off with a creole woman to Madagascar ... half his age and twice his height! 30", "OFFICER": "-- tried, found guilty and ready to hang ... but then he fought off a hundred soldiers at Port Royal, and escaped, God's honest truth, by grabbing two parrots and flying off a cliff. My cousin was there!", "FISHERMAN": "Singapore is what I heard. Drunk, more'n likely. Drunk, with a smile on his face. Sure as the tide, Jack Sparrow will turn up in Singapore -- 32", "SCARLETT": "I haven\u2019t seen him in month. When you find him, give him a message ... -- and then comes the", "SHRIMPER": "Can't say 'bout Jack Sparrow. But there\u2019s an island just south of the straits where I trade spice for mmmm, delicious long pork. Can't say for Jack, but you'll find a ship there ... a ship with black sails. My brother, he will row you to shore. 35", "MERCER": "Evening, Governor. Elizabeth. She was most recently in Tortuga . Left in the company of the known pirate, Jack Sparrow -- Swann closes his eyes -- a name he didn't want to hear. None. But the ships picked up a man, set adrift by the look of it. He had these. He hands the Letters of Marque over to Beckett. Beckett glances through them, spots something, looks up for the first time --", "MERCER (CONT'D)": "He had this on his person.  A letter to the King ... addressed from you. He shakes his head", "looking around:": "", "BELLAMY": "If both of you fancy the dress, you'll just have to share, and wear it one after the other. Is it now? Enough! (takes the dress) Men -- this appears to me nothing more as we have a stowaway on board. A woman, young woman, by the looks of it ... It's an outrage! Port tariffs and Berthing fees and cargo unloading fees per  cargo tonnage and wharf handling and heaven help me, pilotage ! The Burser and Quartermaster look uncomfortable. Make them lie! A pirate port is what you mean. Well I'm sorry but an honest sailor I am. I make my living square and sleep well each night, thank you -- There is a What? Burser, shaking, can only point.  Bellamy turns, and looks -- and then in the Aye, I do see that. She's trying to give a sign. On the wind, a soft voice can be heard ... There!  Look for a sign! The crew rush to the rail and look out.  Elizabeth drops down onto the deck behind them.  Looks backwards to where fire burns on deck from the spilled lantern.  Looks back to the crew, completely exasperated.  Over That would be a bad sign. Elizabeth grabs the shoulder of Burser, turns him around and points. Men, what say ye to a course change? Prudence suggests we make way for the island of Tortuga ! Finally!  Relief, shouts of approval from the crew;  Elizabeth smiles -- Strange thing,  to come upon a longboat so far out in open waters. What are we running from? Will doesn't answer. His eyes drift over -- to Elizabeth\u2019s wedding dress, draped over the Captain's desk chair. Funny, that dress.  Found aboard the ship.  Put quite a stir into the crew, thought it was a spirit, bringing an omen of ill-fate. Oh, aye, exceedingly foolish!  It brought good fortune!  The spirit told us, put in at Tortuga, and we made a nice bit of profit there ... off the books. Will fingers the fabric of the dress, smiles to himself. (shrugs) Bound to happen, figured into the overhead. Will snaps a look at him.  Put that way, it's a bit troubling. The Colors? (to Will; speak of the devil) Pirates. Free the rudder! Hard to port, then starboard, and back again!", "COOK": "A virgin too, likely as not, and that bodes ill by all accounts -- Tell me you do see that. Did you hear that? Looks like entrails.", "BURSER": "(tugs on the dress) We need to throw it overboard, and hope the spirit follows -- or this ship will taste the icy waters in a fortnight, mark my words! The Quartermaster tugs back on the dress.  Unnoticed, a The numbers don't lie, sir -- Sir! She wants you to do something. Burmuda ? Mother Cary's chickens! What happened? Here it 'tis! Take it! Take it! He slips and falls, sliding and tumbling over the rail --", "QUARTERMASTER": "Heave it overboard and anger the spirit? No! I'm afraid, sir -- (doesn't want to say it) Tortuga is only free port left in these waters. Jump overboard? Bellamy tosses him a scowl. Tobago? There!  There it is!  There's the sign! Seaweed can be a sign. Is it telling us to go there? It is all Elizabeth can do not to scream.  Bellamy looks at his crew members, -- who look back, scared, waiting for his order. Must have hit a reef. Captain Bellamy looks over the rail, down at the surface.", "BELLAMY (CONT'D)": "To your duties, then; and if there is a stowaway, and 'tis a woman, I don't see as a naked one's likely to escape notice, aye? Bellamy lets the crew consider that ... Shake a leg! The men Are we all to work for the East India Trading Company then? ", "LEECH (O.S.)": "Never mind! Gibbs shakes his head.", "RAGETTI": "... and I say it was Divine Providence what escaped us from jail. How do you know it wasn't Divine Providence what inspired  you to be clever? Anyways I ain't stealing no ship. Now that we're not immortal no more, we need to take care of our immortal souls. Ragetti stares down at the book. It's the Bible, you get credit for trying. Tide's coming in, that'll help. Pintel is surprised. Ragetti shrugs. And I suppose we'd best save it as soon as we can what with our souls in such a vulnerable state and all! Thief! Little thief! Give it here -- No -- don't bite it! (to Pintel) He's got my eye! He won't give it back! And not a word of thanks. Shows a lot of cheek, it does, to just walk onto our nice ship like that! Will works beside Gibbs -- (to Marty) Mind the boat. Nothing bad, I hope. The dichotomy of good and evil. Literally or figuratively? thumpTHUMP ! Ragetti mimes a beating heart. Jack glares them away. You're pulling too slow. We don't want the Kraken to catch us. Jack winces with each mention of the creature. What, with a long It's a mythical creature and I can calls it what I wants. (to Pintel) And you were wrong about to-mah-to , if I recall. Each wants the chest for hisself . Mister Norrington I think is hopin' to regain a bit of honor, ol' Jack's looking to trade it to save his own skin, and Turner there ... he's tryin' to settle some unresolved business (agreeing) Terrible temptation. (to Pintel) Told you. Jack stops sifting through the sand. Sits up, terrified. Jack looks at his hand -- the Black Spot is still there. Pirates race to defend the ship. Never another like Captain Sparrow. Aye! Elizabeth looks at Will.", "PINTEL": "You know you can't read. Pretending  to read the Bible is a lie, and that's a mark against -- (cuts himself off) Look! There it is. Ragetti twists to Must have spotted a catfish . The two pirates grin at each other -- suddenly a It's ours for the taking. Aye, there's the truth of it ... Suddenly, the sound of Amen to that! 50 Haul loose the mooring line! The mooring line! But Ragetti is hollering up at the Well, how'd you get it back the last time? Behind them, the crew burst from the jungle, Gibbs in front, running toward the suddenly worried Pintel and Ragetti -- We done it for you, knowing you'd be coming back for it -- -- And past them. (calls down) How do you like that? Without so much as a by-your-leave. (to Ragetti) Mind the boat. Gold? Jewels? Unclaimed properties of a valuable nature? Ragetti turns away from staring at a jar of Sums. Of course, figuratively. He couldn't literally put his heart in a chest. (to Tia Dalma; dreading the answer) Could he? Captain Jack Sparrow -- Jack silences Pintel with a look.  Will shrugs, climbs over the side, a to a waiting longboat. What contains the still-beating heart of Davy  Jones! You're pulling too fast. I'm saving me strength for when it comes. And I don't think it's \"krack- en,\" anyways. I always heard it said \"kray-ken \" Well, we ain't original Scandanavians , are we? Kray-ken . If it's so mythical, then why are you pulling so fast? There is a (wistful) I like tomatoes. Jack hands Elizabeth the Compass. She opens it. He peeks at the heading, and sets off. Elizabeth and Norrington follow. He spots the abandoned Church. Now how'd  this a-go all screwy? Sad. That chest must be worth more'n a shiny penny. If we was any kind of decent, we'd remove temptation from their path. A beat. They look sideways at each other. The fight rages. Elizabeth tries to intercede, to no avail. 'ello, Poppet. They drop the chest. Elizabeth reaches to her side -- no sword. Pintel and Ragetti grin, draw swords, advance on her -- 136 Go my darling. Show them what you've got. Aye! Give the word! Ready! Very ready! Oh so very ready! He was a gentleman of fortune, he was. Aye!", "PINTEL (CONT'D)": "Ain't that right, poochie ?", "RAGETTI (CONT'D)": "Salvaging's saving it, in a manner of speaking ...", "BARKING.": "", "THE WIND": "Tor ... tu ... ga.", "SAILOR (CONT'D)": "(off their looks) Sorry, I'm hungry. The dress swoops down, knocks over a burning lantern, races toward the rail and drops.", "TIA DALMA": "Jack Sparrow.  I always knew the wind was going to blow you back to me one day. Tia Dalma  looks up with a start, stares past Jack at Will. A wide, lascivious grin spreads across her face.  She stalks toward them. Not so well as I had hoped. Jack looks at her Now that sounds like Jack Sparrow. (she turns to Will) What service may I do you?  You know I demand payment. The payment is fair. Tia Dalma  looks back into Will's eyes. Jack snaps the drawing out to Will. Will takes it, shows it to Tia Dalma. (to Jack) That compass you bartered from me can't lead you to this? Jack Sparrow does not know what he wants? Or do you know, but are loathe to claim it as your own? Jack avoids both her gaze, and Will's puzzled look. She turns her attention back to Will. You know of Davy Jones, yes? A man of the sea, a great sailor ... until he ran afoul of that which vexes all men. What, indeed? A woman. He fell in love. Same story, different versions, and all are true.  It was a woman, as changing and harsh and un-tamable as the sea. He never stopped loving her, but the pain it caused him was too much to live with ... but not His heart. It was not worth feeling what small, fleeting joy life brings, he decided, to endure the inevitable, cruel torments ... and so he carved out his heart, locked it away in a chest, and hid the chest from the world. Sauce for the gander, Jack. Will fixes Jack with a look. (to Jack) Let me see your hand. Jack stops.  Looks at the others -- 'in front of them?' Tia Dalma  nods.  She unwraps his hand -- revealing the Black spot. Davy Jones cannot make port, cannot step on land, but once every ten years ... She descends, carrying a Yes If you don't want it, give it back. Then it helps. Will comes to a decision. Faces Tia Dalma. A touch of destiny ... Against the cold. And the sorrow. Elizabeth accepts a glass, takes a sip, lost in her thoughts. Will watches her.  Tia Dalma moves to him. Would you do it? (to all of them) What would you, would any of you, be willing to do?  Would you sail to the ends of the earth and beyond, to fetch back Witty Jack and his precious Very well. But if you are to brave the weird and haunted shoals at world's end ... then you be needin' a captain what knows those waters. There is the", "MACCUS": "Down on your marrow-bones and pray! Will pulls his sword. He attacks, leaps up into the rigging -- but Jimmy Legs is already there. He jumps down, is quickly surrounded by more crewmen. Will cannot evade this enemy, who can seemingly appear anywhere. He dips his sword into a vat of Six men still alive. The rest have moved on. Jones' black eyes register this. He moves down the line of men. Looks into their eyes ... searching ... stops at the most terrified man, the Helmsman. He leans down, close. The Helmsman is even more terrified. I wager ten years. Four fives. The boy's not here. He must have been claimed by the sea. What of the survivors? Ye'll trust us to act in yer stead. Shall we board her? We're giving up, sir? In answer, Jones offers a small smile.  Maccus smiles back, understanding.  There is the Turns out, not even Jack Sparrow could best the devil. Jones' smile fades.  Worry touches his eyes. He spins.", "DAVY JONES": "Against? Will unrolls the small piece of cloth with the drawing of the key, but does not yet reveal it to Jones. How do you know of the key? What are you doing? Four threes. Will is reluctant, but checks his dice. Seven fives. Everyone checks their dice again -- there are a total of seven sixes. Will is stuck, he can't go higher.  And be called liar myself for my troubles. He slips the key back inside his shirt as Sparrow's reprieve has ended. He crumples the drawing in his fist.  Bootstrap, in manacles, is shoved to the rail besides Jones. What makes you believe it is your son who is being punished here? You will watch this! He nods to an off-screen crewman -- a I am the sea. Bootstrap reacts to the news of Will's fate, devastated. Jones catches him by the neck again. There are no survivors. The survivors exchange glances -- of course there are -- crewmen raise their swords, bring them down -- Who sent that thieving charlatan onto my ship? Who told him of the key? (beat) Jack Sparrow. He looks down, over the rail -- Will is not there. He turns They're here. (chagrined) And I cannot step foot on land again for near of a decade. I trust you to know what awaits should you fail. Down, then. Crewmembers repeat the call \"Down! Down!\" Enough . No. Sink his beloved Pearl. 148 Jack Sparrow ... our debt is settled. Behind him, Palafico and Quittance have just arrived with the chest. They set it down.", "CHAPLAIN": "Don't listen to him! Davy Jones turns. I'll take my chances, sir.", "HELMSMAN": "I will serve. Davy Jones smiles. Moves down, comes to Will, and frowns.", "JONES": "You can't trade. You can't substitute . I keep the boy. A good faith payment. That leaves you only ninety-nine more to go. I remember now.  You are the one who hopes to get married. But your Fate is to be married to this ship. Then it wouldn't be Fate, would it? Five threes. Welcome to the crew, lad. Will glowers at Jones -- Let 'em taste the triple guns. Break off the pursuit. Drop sails. Run her light, and wrap canvas.", "SKINNY MAN": "My wife ran off with my dog, and I\u2019m drunk and I don\u2019t give a rat's ass if I live or die. Easy, soldier --", "CRIPPLED MAN": "I\u2019ve one arm, and a bum leg.", "IRISHMAN": "Ever since I was a lad, I've dreamed of sailing the seas forever ... Aye, that's our Captain you be threatening -- Norrington turns and swings; a wild", "NORRINGTON": "My story.  Same as your story, just one chapter behind. (beat) I became obsessed with capturing a notorious pirate ... chased him across the seven seas. I lost all Not any more.  Weren\u2019t you listening? Nearly had you all off Tripoli. Would have, if not for the hurricane ... My crew said to sail around. Should have listened. So what is it? Do I make your crew, or not? He takes a long drink of the bottle.  Leans in toward Gibbs. (smiles) Sorry -- old habits die and all that. He starts to fire; the Skinny Man steps up and grabs Norrington by the arm. Come on then, you buggers, do you want some?  British steel!  You, you, you, you, you, you, you? Elizabeth picks up a half-empty bottle ... turns and Nothing I didn't deserve. He tries to get up -- collapses. She helps him stagger to his feet. They move off. The pirates move back into the cantina. Finally only one is left -- Oh, please. The Captain of the Flying Dutchman.  A ship that ferries those who died at sea from this world to the next. You hired me.  I can't help that your standards are lax. Oh dear. Elizabeth reacts to the echo of Beckett's words. You don't actually believe him. Unique here having the meaning of 'broken'? Jack gives Norrington a reprimanding look, return to the matter at hand. It's curious thing.  There was a time when I'd have given anything for you to look like that while thinking of me; just once. Elizabeth is shocked out of her reverie. I think you do. Elizabeth does know, under his gaze, gives up pretending. Ah. Norrington stands up and turns away, turns back. I didn't expect anyone to be here. You know this place? Better mad with the rest of the world than sane alone. Elizabeth regards Norrington, a little worried. You actually were telling the truth. I can't let you do that, either. Sorry. Lord Beckett desires the contents of that chest. I deliver it. I get my life back. I prefer to think of it as the promise of redemption. The three men square off against each other. They leap forward at exactly the same time, swords clashing. Their three swords lock together -- Granted. But you're still naive. He just wants Elizabeth for himself. By your leave, Mister Turner. Norrington runs past Will, in pursuit of Jack -- 124 Excuse me while I kill the man who ruined my life. Unfortunately, Mr. Turner ... he's right. Norrington attacks -- Will retreats. Below them, Jack gets up, runs -- back over his Don't wait for me. With the chest, Norrington races through the surrounding Crewmen, into the jungle -- the Crewman give chase. I would have, once. (but now? Forget it!) Catch! Hadras must drop his head to catch the chest. Norrington is gone. The crew laugh, and they and Hadras (body) leave. Hadras (head) laughs until he realizes he's left himself behind. I took the liberty of filling in my name. Better. He tosses the burlap bag on his desk with a Then I've won commission as a privateer? Give the order, sir.", "NORRINGTON (CONT'D)": "So am I worthy to serve under Captain Jack Sparrow ... (turns) ... or should I just kill you now? Norrington has drawn a pistol from the holster, aims it across the room -- Did you never wonder how your latest fiancee ended up on the Flying Dutchman in the first place? Into the boat.", "interjecting:": "", "IRISH CREWMAN": "I found some more recruits, sir.", "JIMMY LEGS": "Secure the tail of the mainsail tackle! Mister Turner! On deck, both Will and Bootstrap turn their heads . Neither notices the other has reacted. Haul that weevil to his feet! Crewmen yank Will up from the deck.", "WYVERN": "The Dead Man's Chest! Will jumps again.  And looks over -- Wyvern's pose has changed.  He is reaching out, pulling himself away from the ship. Know of what? Open the chest with the key, and stab the heart.  Don't stab the heart. The Dutchman must have a living heart or there is no captain!  And if there is no captain, there's no one to have the key! Hidden. Don't stab the heart! 93", "JACK/GIBBS": "He's after the chest. Jack looks to Elizabeth for confirmation.  She is aware of having left that point out.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "A matching", "KOLENIKO": "I'll match ten years. I bid three sixes. Liar. (they reveal the dice) Hah! Only three! Maccus curses -- he bid too high. They shake their dice again, play another round. Boostrap comes alongside Will. First?", "CLACKER": "Agreed. Will watches as the three men lift their cups, check the dice.  We see there are a total of three fives between them. Four threes.", "BOOSTRAP": "The only thing any of us have -- years of service. Will nods, thinking. No --", "THRU": "  130 131  ", "SAILORS": "", "AND": " ", "HADRAS": "You'd die for that? Norrington looks at the chest. Back to the crew. They draw swords. Norrington considers all that led him to this", "SUDDENLY": "145", "SKINNY PIRATE": "(calling) We're short stocked on gunpowder! Six barrels!", "JACK *": "Abandon ship! Into the longboat! * It's just a ship. * It's a small moment -- they both know they're saying good- bye to the Pearl.* We're not free yet. * She moves toward him. *", "GIBBS *": "Jack -- the Pearl. * Abandon ship!  Abandon ship or abandon hope!* Gibbs, Pintel, Ragetti, Cotton, Marty, the crew, Will, head for the boat, as the Kraken circles -- * Jack re-loads the rifle and defends the retreat. Elizabeth hangs behind. She and Jack are the last two left on deck.*", "ELIZABETH *": "He's right. We can make for the island.* Thank you, Jack. *", "PINTEL *": "That's a lot of open water. *", "RAGETTI *": "A lot. * A beat as they all consider the merits of the plan. *", "WILL *": "We can get away as it takes down the Pearl.*", "PALIFICO": "The Captain goes down with his ship. Maccus stares out at the boiling sea.", "ARTISIAN": "The map is finished, sir. Beckett gazes at the map.", "CUT TO:": "", "BLACK ...": "Gradually revealed to be", "BARBOSSA": "Now tell me ...  what's become of my ship? The Monkey leaps onto his shoulder.  Barbossa smiles and bites into the apple --"}, "pirates-of-the-caribbean-the-curse-of-the-black-pearl-2003.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "", "ELIZABETH": "... drink up me hearties, yo, ho ... I think it would be rather exciting to meet a pirate. Actually, I find it all fascinating. Boy overboard! My name is Elizabeth Swann. I'm watching over you, Will. He clutches her hands, then slips back into unconsciousness. His movement has opened the collar of his shirt; Elizabeth sees he wears a chain around his neck. She tugs it free, revealing -- A His name is Will Turner -- that's all I found out. It's -- beautiful. May I inquire as to the occasion? I knew it. Difficult ... to say. (holding her breath) Women in London must have learned to not breathe. Estrella is finished. Elizabeth takes a breath -- and winces. A butler appears in the doorway of the room. Will! It's so good to see you! Her hand goes to the chain around her throat (the medallion is hidden in the bodice of her dress). (ignores her father) About the day we met. Do you remember? Will, how many times must I ask you to call me 'Elizabeth'? Good day, Mr. Turner. I can't breathe. Elizabeth! Yes -- yes, I'm fine -- Commodore Norrington, do you intend to kill my rescuer? Norrington looks at Jack. Jack nods as best he can with a blade beneath his chin. Norrington sheathes his sword, and extends his hand. Miss Swann. (as she works) You are despicable. Thank you, Father ... and let that be the last of your fashion advice, please. But she accepts his comforting embrace. Nice and toasty.  Thank you, Estrella. The maid nods, exits. Elizabeth opens a book, begins reading, toying absently with the medallion chain around her neck. The lamp flame begins to diminish. Elizabeth tries to turn it up. No good. The flame goes out, and the room is black.30. Listen, Estrella -- they haven't seen you.  Hide, and first chance, run for the fort. Estrella nods. Another Please, no ... Elizabeth touches the chain of the medallion ... and a desperate idea occurs to her. The pirates burst through the doors. Elizabeth backs away, holds the bread knife to ward them off. They come around either side of the table, stalking her -- Parlay!  I invoke the right of parlay!  According to the Code of the Brethern, set down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew, you must take me to your Captain! If an adversary demands parlay, you can do them no harm until the parlay is complete. I am here to -- Bosun Captain Barbossa ... I have come to negotiate the cessation of hostilities against Port Royal. Barbossa is both impressed and amused. I want you to leave.  And never come back. Barbossa and the pirates laugh. Very well. She quickly slips the medallion off, darts to the side of the rail, dangles it over the side of the ship. The pirates go quiet. Because it's what you're searching for.  You've been searching for it for years.  I recognize this ship. I saw it eight years ago, when we made the crossing from England. Fine.  I suppose if this is worthless, there's no reason to keep it. She flips the medallion up, off her finger -- Elizabeth -- (stops herself from saying \"Swann\"; then) Turner. (embroidering) I'm a maid in the governor's household. (curtsies again) Thank you, sir. Of course. (offended) I didn't steal it, if that's what you mean. Can I trust you? Our bargain..? Barbossa grins devilishly -- but then nods to Bosun. Wait!  You must return me to shore! According to the rules of the Order of the Brethen -- Barbossa wheels on her. Tell the captain that I am disinclined to acquiesce to his request. Dare I ask the fate of it previous owner? It's poisoned! She shoves her plate away -- and takes the opportunity to palm her knife. Barbossa It's a pirate medallion. That's all very interesting, but I hardly believe in ghost stories anymore. Barbossa is angry. He stands, sweeps the food off the table. The curse drove you to gather this? No. The pirates cry out in alarm. Barbossa gathers himself, getting his rage under steely control. You?! You're in league with Barbossa! You?! Will gains his footing in the rubble. Truthfully -- you were a bit late. Come on! To keep it away from them?  No pirate would sail to London, for fear of Execution Dock. (anticipating him) -- then we never would have met. Will nods. They hold each other's gaze a moment. Will turns away first, leans on the rail. Looks out to sea, back the direction they came. I guess you can never truly know someone else's heart. Will glances at her, and nods. No! Jack pushes forward. Will -- you can't trust him. Here -- it will go well with your blackheart! Barbossa indicates the plank. You went back for that?  We need to head for the reef! She starts swimming. Jack hesitates. The Black Pearl is already underway; he stares at it. Has it changed since the last time you were here? I hope you have no intention of using that. Jack has finished putting his pistol back together. He shoves it in his belt, walks off. What is that?  Is there a boat under there? Jack heaves the trap door up and over, revealing a pit. Inside are barrels and bottles of rum ... all covered with dust and cobwebs, long abandoned. Jack's face falls. But ... you did it before!  Last time -- So that's it?  That's the secret grand adventure of the infamous Jack Sparrow?  You spent three days on the beach drinking rum? A month?  Will doesn't have a month!  We've got to do something to help him! Not when you can drink instead, at least. Jack tosses her a bottle. And you will call me Miss Swann. Jack toasts Nothing ... it's nothing.  Just ... I'm reminded of a song I learned as a child.  A song about pirates. Oh, no ... it's silly.  Back in England we didn't know a thing about pirates, really.  They seemed so romantic and daring -- Jack likes the way that sounds. Well, perhaps ... with a bit more to drink, I might ... You'll be positively the most fearsome pirates to sail the Spanish Main. Elizabeth salutes the idea with her bottle. Jack doesn't have a bottle to salute back. She hands him hers. He drinks, then settles shakily to the ground. Elizabeth sits beside him. Jack, it must be so terrible for you, to be trapped here on this island, all over again. (coy) Mr. Sparrow!  I'm not sure I've had enough rum to allow that kind of talk. To freedom. Yes, the rum is gone. She wipes her hands together. One of the rum barrels in the fire One, because it is a vile drink that turns even the most respectable men into scoundrels. Two -- She points to the sky. Exactly. Elizabeth turns toward the sea. Commodore, you can't do that! He can locate Isla de Muerta -- but I doubt he'll be willing to help us from the brig. Commodore, please! Commodore, I beg you -- please do this ... for me.  As a wedding gift. Not as a condition -- a request. Norrington considers. To What? And now I know ... where yours does, as well. They gaze at each other a moment. Norrington looks away. Then I can wear men's clothing. Well, I am not going to stay hidden in some cabin, or I suppose it's going to be heaving bosoms and bare for the remainder of the voyage! Norrington is exasperated, but then can't help but grin -- this is exactly why he loves her. She grins back at him -- she's not going to change. You didn't tell Commodore Norrington everything. He might delay the rescue ... and that would be too late. These men will be facing an enemy that seemingly cannot be killed. What's your plan? You're all right! The three men turn as one. An awkward moment -- which of them does she mean? Elizabeth races across the sand, toward them -- and straight to Will. She throws her arms around his neck in a hug. Yes, I am wearing trousers.  And as for how we got off the island -- ah, that's a grand adventure, but now is not the time to talk about it. She reaches a hand behind his neck, decisively kisses him. It doesn't!", "GIBBS": "(sotto) Quiet, missy! Cursed pirates sail these waters. You want to call 'em down on us? Elizabeth stares wide-eyed at him. 'Aye, Lieutenant. (as he moves off) Bad luck to have a woman on board, too. Even a mini'ture one. He returns to his deck-swabbing duties, surreptitiously takes a quick swig from a flask. Mary mother of God ... Attention is turned away from the boy -- The sea is no longer empty. Lot of good it did them ... (off Swann's look) Everyone's thinking it! I'm just saying it! Pirates! Curse you for breathing, you slack- jawed idiot. (recognizes Jack) Mother's love, Jack, you know better than to wake a man when he's sleeping.  It's bad luck! Aye, that'll about do it. Jack helps Gibbs to his feet -- and then Gibbs is hit with a second wave of water. Will stands there with the bucket. Make it last, then.  Now, what's the nature of this venture of yours? Oh, there's a hard tale, Jack. Most of the decent pirates in town won't sail with you -- seem to think you're a jinx. Say again? Jack, it's a fool's (shakes his head) A fool's errand. Well, lookee there.  I'll allow you may be onto something, Jack. (considers, nods) There's bound to be sailors on this rock crazy as you.  I'll find some men. Gibbs downs the drink, Feast your eyes, Cap'n.  All of 'em good sea-faring men, faithful hands before the mast, every one worth their salt -- (sotto, making his point) -- and crazy, to boot. Jack holds up a hand -- enough. He moves down the line, Gibbs at his side. Then he notices AnaMaria in line, dressed like a man. He raises an eyebrow. Cotton here is mute, sir.  Poor devil had his tongue cut out -- Cotton opens his mouth to show this -- Jack grimaces. Mostly, that seem to mean 'yes.' Cotton nods vigorously, lowers the parrot, and it goes silent. Jack shakes his head. Steps back. That fool will have us lose the canvas, and the masts besides! On Jack, a (shouts) What's in your head to put you in such a fine mood? Left-handed ropes are coiled against the sun, or it's bad luck! (twirls a finger) Anty-clockwise. Gibbs takes over the task. The ship shifts course again. Will has had enough. Now, lad, just because it don't point north don't mean it don't work. (voice low) That compass gives bearings to the Isla de Muerta, wherever it may lay. I'll tell lee.  Now, Jack Sparrow has an honest streak in him, and that's where the whole problem starts.  This was when he was Captain of the Black Pearl -- Ah -- he's learned, then.  Plays things more close to the vest. See, Jack was a cartographer, back in Old England.  Somehow he came by the money to commission the Pearl. Hired himself a crew, promised each man an equal share. (lowers his voice) So, they're forty days out, and the First Mate says, everything's an equal share, that should mean the location of the island, too.  So Jack gave up the bearings. (shakes his head) That night, there was a mutiny. How did you get off the island? Two women on board?  A man don't have to be superstitious to know that's trouble. Elizabeth holds the medallion, and finishes her Shift your heading, steer clear of that island.  Fifteen degrees starboard. On the aft deck, Cotton concentrates on his work, securing a halyard. Suddenly Cotton's parrot flaps its wings, takes off, lands on the starboard bulwark, squawking -- Not a chance.  Make for the reef. Drop the forward anchor! A There -- she's raised the Jolly Roger, upside down. AnaMaria, Gibbs, Cotton, even Elizabeth -- all know what this means. Will doesn't. He looks to Gibbs for an That we are. The Black Pearl fires again, a double-ball shot with a chain connecting the two. It hits the main mast dead on! A Will -- it'll go worse for us -- for Elizabeth, especially -- if we fight. Will stares -- and nods. But his expression is still defiant. The deck slants; the ship is sinking. Pirates swarm across on ropes, and take control of the Interceptor. (dejected) Amen to that ...", "NORRINGTON": "Mr. Gibbs. Consider them marked. On your way. Think again, Miss Swann. Vile and dissolute creatures, the lot of them. I intend to see to it that any man who sails under a pirate flag, or wears a pirate brand, gets what he My apologies, Governor. Man overboard! Fetch a hook -- haul him out of there! Quick movement and activity on deck. Sailors use a boathook to snag the boy when he passes. Norrington and Swann haul him aboard, and lay him on the deck. Elizabeth sidles in for a closer look. An explosion in the powder magazine. Merchant vessels run heavily armed. Of course not. (to a sailor) Rouse the Captain, immediately. (to the crew) Come about and strike the sails! Unlash the boats! Gunnery crew ... jackets off the cannons! (to Swann) Did he speak? Very good. Norrington hurries off. Elizabeth steals away to the stern of the ship. Examines her prize -- the gold medallion. A wisp of wind, and she looks up -- Out over the dea, moving through the fog, silent as a ghost, is a large sailing ship, a schooner -- It has May I have a moment? He extends his hand. She takes it. He walks her away from the party, toward the parapet. A rather too long of a silence as Norrington works up his courage. (smiles) I'm a bit nervous, myself -- Elizabeth loses her balance, stumbles away from Norrington. She reaches a hand out to the parapet to steady herself, but it slides off -- -- and then she vanishes over the wall. Gone.  On your feet. It looks bad -- Jack standing over Elizabeth, most of her clothes gone. He gets to his feet. The rest of Elizabeth's erstwhile rescuers reach the scene, including Swann. I believe thanks are in order. Jack takes Norrington's hand gingerly. They shake -- -- and Norrington tightens his grip, yanks Jack's arm toward him, then tears back the sleeve of Jack's shirt -- -- exposing a I don't see your ship -- Captain. (to Jack) Extra powder, but no additional shot. Jack shrugs. Norrington unhooks the compass from the belt, opens it. He frowns at the reading. Moves the compass this way and that, keeping it parallel to the ground. Carefully, lieutenant. Elizabeth steps forward. Swann's jacket slips off her. She is unconcerned, but he is intent on putting it back on her. One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness. Gillette snaps the manacles closed on Jack's wrists. (smiles) Indeed. Now that Jack is safely chained, Norrington nods to his men. All but one stow their weapons, and two step forward -- On his heels!  Gillette, bring a squad down from the fort! (to Elizabeth) Elizabeth, are you -- Excellent work, Mister Brown. You've aided in the capture of a dangerous fugitive. I believe you will always remember this as the day Captain Jack Sparrow almost escaped. Norrington's men haul Jack away. Will watches them go. Brown looks at his bottle -- broken. No.  She hasn't. Cannon fire! He tackles Swann as the wall of the parapet Governor!  Barricade yourself in my office! (Swann hesitates) That's an order! Swann turns to go -- but finds himself face-to-face with a pirate -- We're aware of the situation. No.  The pirates who invaded this fort left Sparrow locked in his cell.  Ergo, he is not their ally, and therefore of no value. (through with Will) We will determine their most likely course, and launch a search mission that sails with the tide. Will slams the boarding axe into the desk, through the map. Mr. Turner, this is not the time for rash actions. (low) Do not make the mistake of thinking you are the only man here who loves Elizabeth. (firm) Now, go home. He opens the door, and then turns away. Will watches him walk back to the desk. Will's face sets in resolve, and he leaves.46. A moment. Please. Rash, Turner, too rash. -- then spots Jack, at the wheel. Lowers the telescope. Search every cabin, every hold, down to the bilges! Sailors!  Back to the Interceptor! But the distance is already too great. One brave sailor tries to swing across on a rope, Errol-Flyn style, but falls short with a splash. Jack waves, and shouts across the distance -- Raise the sails. We need only to come about, to put them in range of the long nines. Gillette looks surprised at the order -- but relays it. Better to see it at the bottom of the sea than in the hands of a pirate. The So it would seem. The Interceptor dwindles with distance. Gillette watches it go, with some degree of admiration. So it would seem. The Interceptor makes for the horizon line. A Elizabeth, I'm relieved you're safe. You're speaking up for him again? We are bound for Port Royal, not Isla de Muerta. Your father is frantic with worry. Our mission was to rescue you and return home.  That is what we shall do.  Mr. Turner's fate is regrettable.  But so was his decision to engage in piracy. By remembering that I serve others, not only myself. I am to understand that you will accept my marriage proposal on the condition I rescue Mr. Turner? Free Mister Sparrow, and prepare to come about.  He'll give you our heading. Gillette unlocks Jack's manacles. Jack raises an eyebrow. I know where your heart truly lies. Elizabeth looks at Norringtom, seeing him in a new light. You may seclude yourself in my cabin.  I'm afraid we do not have any ladies' clothing aboard. That would hardly be proper. Murtogg, take our guest below, and find her some trousers, and a shirt. Elizabeth smiles, allows herself to be escorted away. Norrington watches her go ... then turns his gaze to the sea. Elizabeth -- below decks.  I will not compromise your safety. She starts to speak; he turns away. You would do that? (looks at him) Nothing I wouldn't be please to be rid of. I'll be at the wheel myself. Wait for my order -- what the blazes is that? It's the sound of cannon fire -- coming from the Dauntless. Cannonballs hit the shore; men cry out in anguish. Steady, men!  Remember -- we're the Navy! The sailors recover their nerve, and engage the enemy. It's a full on battle, Royal Navy against Skeleton Pirates -- The Navy men are driven back, surrounded --Suddenly there is a massive I don't think that will be necessary. Norrington raises his hand ... twirls a key on his finger.", "NORRINGTON (CONT'D)": "That will do. He's still breathing. (a burst) You look lovely.  Elizabeth. Elizabeth frowns, unable to focus.  Norrington mistakes her expression as disapproval. I apologize if I seem forward -- but I must speak my mind. (working up his confidence to do so)16. Had a brush-up with the East India Trading Company, did you ... pirate? The others react in shock, but the sailors are well-trained -- in an instant, half a dozen pistols are aimed at Jack. He stands there, still holding the corset. Keep your guns on him, men. Gillette, fetch some irons. Norrington notices something else -- below the Well, well... Jack Sparrow, isn't it? It doesn't bear true. Jack looks away, a bit embarrassed. Norrington returns the compass to the belt. Draws the sword half from the scabbard. I half-expected it to be made of wood. He slides it back into the scabbard, hands it to Mullroy. Taking They've flanked us!  Men!  Swords and pistols! The battle is joined -- I don't like the situation, Mister Sparrow.  The island is riddled with caves.  I will not put my men at a disadvantage. Men!  Take cover! The sailors scramble to find refuge -- What is happening out there?", "SWANN": "Captain Norrington... I appreciate your fervor, but I am concerned about the effect this subject will have on my daughter. And that's what concerns me. Elizabeth, we will be landing in Port Royal soon, and beginning our new lives. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we comport ourselves as befits our class and station? Where did he come from? What happened here? There is no proof of that. It could have been an accident. Captain, these men were my protection. If there is even the slightest chance one of those poor devils is still alive, we cannot abandon them! Elizabeth, I want you to accompany the boy. He's in your charge now. You'll watch over him? Elizabeth nods gravely. Swann hurries away to help unstow the longboat. The sailors lay the boy gently on the poop deck, behind the wheel, they hurry off. Elizabeth kneels down beside the boy. His good looks are not lost on her. She reaches out, gently brushes the blond hair from his eyes --4. Still abed at this hour? It's a beautiful day! Estrella pulls back the heavy curtains, Is an occasion necessary for a father to dote upon his daughter with gifts? Elizabeth happily takes it, goes behind a screened-off dressing area. Estrella follows, carrying the box. Captain Norrington's promotion ceremony. Elizabeth peeks around the screen. Ah, Mr. Turner! It's good to see you again! The caller turns -- it is Impressive ... very impressive. Commodore Norrington will be pleased, I'm sure. Do pass my compliments on to your master. Will's face falls. Clearly, the work is his, and he is proud of it. With practiced ease, he flips the sword around, catches it by the hilt and returns it to the case. Elizabeth! You look stunning! Will tries to speak, but can't. He gives up, smiles to himself, and simply nods emphatically. Well said! There's a boy who understands propriety. Now, we must be going. Swann takes the case from Will, opens the door for Elizabeth. Elizabeth straightens her back, gathers her skirts and strides past Will. Here, dear ... you should wear this. Elizabeth shivers, finding suddenly that she is cold. Glances out at the bay -- -- where a Has my daughter given you an answer yet? Well, she had a very taxing day... Ghastly weather tonight. What was that? -- and then the Where do you suppose we start?  If you have any information that concerns my daughter, then share it!  If anyone does, tell me! (Will is silent) Leave, Mr. Turner. Murtogg has remembered something. He ventures it That pirate tried to kill my daughter.  We could never trust a word he said! Commodore -- But -- Dammit, man, it appears someone is stealing your ship! Norrington glances out at the bay. Sure enough, the Dauntless is on the move. Norrington takes a brass telescope from his belt, opens it, trains it on -- The main deck. He picks out Will -- By your leave, I wish to speak on behalf of the boy. (a glance at Elizabeth) It is clear that these deeds were performed out of a sincere desire to do good, at great personal risk. It seems to me, that in rare occasion where the right course is committing an act of piracy, then an act of piracy is the right course! (cheers of approval) So in my capacity as Governor, I intend to grant a pardon to -- The Black Pearl! People rush to the parapet. Sure enough, below in the bay are the distinctive black sails of the Pearl. The ship cuts through the waters very close to the point -- -- where the gallows of the pirates are. Suddenly Jack appears, on the point; he swings off the one empty gallows, across and down onto the ship's rigging as it passes.", "ELIZABETH (CONT'D)": "(to herself) I still think it would be exciting to meet a pirate ... The fog still hems in the ship; very little of the sea is visible -- -- but suddenly, a Look! A boy! There's a boy in the water! Norrington and Swann spot him -- You're a pirate. She glances back at the crew. Sees Norrington, giving orders, moving toward her. She looks back at Will -- comes to a quick decision. Takes the medallion from around his neck. Hides it under her coat. Norrongton arrives. I dreamt about you last night. Will reacts with I'll drop it! I will not walk into the ocean. You'll have to throw me in! Barbossa raises an eyebrow, grins, nods. What?  What's wrong?  How will this help us get off the island? (looks at him) That was before I met one, of course. We kidnap and ravage and we don't give a hoot, Drink up me hearties, yo ho -- That signal is over a thousand feet high, which means it can be seen for two hundred leagues in every direction.  The entire Royal Navy is out to sea looking for me -- do you think there is even a chance they could miss it?", "YOUNG WILL": "Will Turner.", "SWANN (O.S.)": "Elizabeth? Is everything all right? Are you decent? I'm told that dress is the very latest fashion in London.", "SWANN (CONT'D)": "I have a gift for you. He opens the box, and displays for her a gorgeous velvet dress. She lets out an admiring gasp. Although ... I did think you could wear it to the ceremony today. Elizabeth? How's it coming?", "ELIZABETH (O.S.)": "Ceremony?", "BUTLER": "Governor? A caller is here for you.", "WILL": "Good day, sir. (holds out the case) I have your order. Swann hurries to him, opens the case. Inside is a beautiful dress sword and scabbard. Swann takes it out reverently.8. (bows slightly) I shall. A craftsman is always pleased to hear his work is appreciated -- He stops speaking abruptly, staring past Swann -- Elizabeth stands on the stairs. Granted, the dress may be painful to wear, but holy smokes! I could never forget it, Miss Swann. At least once more, Miss Swann. As always. Elizabeth is disappointed and little hurt by his responce. Good day. He watches as she is helped aboard a carriage by the driver. Right where I left you. Something catches his I've made a point of avoiding familiarity with pirates. You threatened Miss Swann. I do.  And I practice with them. At least three hours a day. No.  I practice three hours a day so that when I meet a pirate ... I can kill him. He No. No.  I can not just step aside and let you escape. Jack cocks the pistol. Will stares back. The stand-off lasts a long moment. Miss Swann!  Elizabeth! A terrible silence answers him. He spots an overturned chair, fallen bookshelf -- They've taken her!  They've taken Elizabeth! A group stares at We have to hunt them down -- and save her! Swann's worry has made him short-tempered. We can ask him where it is -- maybe he can lead us to it! We could strike a bargain -- That's not good enough!  This is Elizabeth's life! Norrington is quick to react; he throws a strong arm across Will's back, and guides him roughly to the door. Are you familiar with that ship? The Black Pearl? Where does it make berth? The ship's real enough.  So its anchorage must be a real place. Where is it? Because you're a pirate. Never. (beat) They took Miss Swann. I can get you out of here. (examines his cell) I helped build these cells.  Those are hook-and-ring hinges.  The proper application of strength, the door'll lift free.  Just calls for the right lever and fulcrum ... Jack watches Will as he speaks, and it dawns on him -- Will is the spitting image of someone he's known in the past. Yes.  Will Turner. Jack grins. Someone will have heard that. Hurry. Will heads for the door. Jack searches the desk, cupboards. We need to go! Jack finds his pistol, sword belt, and compass. Straps on the belt, checks the shot in his pistol. (no hesitation) I'd die for her. I haven't set foot off dry land since I was twelve, when the ship I was on exploded. (regards the boat) It's been a sound policy. We're going to steal a ship?  That ship? It's still against the law. This is either crazy, or brilliant. (a beat) Aye!  Avast! Jack gives him a look, shakes his No. They're coming! He I worked passage from England as a cabin boy. (an attempt at guile) After my mother passed, I came out here ... looking for my father. My father.  William Turner? Jack says nothing. Will has lost his patience for guile. 'Bootstrap?' It's not true my father was a pirate. He was a merchant marine!  He was a respectable man who obeyed the law, and followed the rules-- My father did not think of my mother -- his family -- as a burden. My father -- was not -- a pirate! Will's sword is out, levelled at Jack. Jack gives him a disbelieving look, sighs. You didn't beat me.  You ignored the rule of engagement.  In a fair fight, I'd kill you. Tortuga? Just do it quickly. Jack!  Over here! I know.  That was for the smell. How do we expect to find an island no one can find -- with a compass that doesn't work? Really? (moves closer) So ... what's the story on the pistol? Gibbs settles in, happy to have a willing listener. How did he get off the island? Barbossa. Jack shoots a glance at Will -- nods, and moves away. What's that? On what? Miss Swann!  We're here to rescue you! (sounds of pursuit, approaching) It's going badly! No. Are you sure?  Jack -- this is not something you have to do. Why would my father send this to me? If I had known -- I can't believe he would make such a sacrifice for us. We can at least fight -- we might be able to kill a few-- She.  Goes.  Free. You can't.  I can. He leans out over the ocean. My name is Will Turner, the son of Bootstrap Bill Turner.  His blood runs in my veins. (raises the gun to his head) You need my blood.  And on my word I will pull this trigger, and sink all the way down to Davy Jones' Locker! Pintel squints at Will; the pirates murmur surprise. Elizabeth goes free! And Jack.  And the crew.  Free and unharmed.  If you agree ... then ... I will remain with you. Barbossa considers; his crew waits. Finally -- You must swear by the Holy Bible. No!  You gave your word! What happened to William Turner? And then he ran.  And he's hiding out someplace where you haven't been able to find him. You deserve to be cursed -- and remain cursed! He steps to one side -- and drops into the ravine. The wall of the ravine becomes a loose gravel slope; Will hits it, and tumbles down, disappeats into black. Jack! You did know where you were going! You did lead us directly to them! (Jack's silence confirms it) Why? Jack looks away -- as Will is manhandled toward the chest. Barbossa steps up to him (becoming skeletal in the moonlight) and puts the medallion around Will's neck. He picks up the stone knife. Jack! You've been planning this from the beginning.  Since you learned my name. Jack takes the opportunity to move toward him. Jack! Jack stares down at the sword jutting from his chest. He takes a few steps backward, toward the Aztec gold -- when he steps into the moonlight, He didn't waste it. Will stands over the Aztec chest, holding a bloody sword, his left hand in a fist. He opens the fist -- -- the medallion, blood covering it, drops from his hand, revealing the cut in his palm. Barbossa stares, then looks down at his chest. Blood blossoms on his shirt around the bullet hole. It spreads quickly. Let's get out of here. Elizabeth, I think it doesn't matter that we are of a different class -- -- but that was not a proper kiss. Pure consternation on Elizabeth's face --", "WILL (CONT'D)": "The blade is folded steel. That's gold filigree laid into the handle. If I may -- He takes the sword from Swann, and balances it on one finger at the point where the blade meets the guard. Perfectly balanced. The tang is nearly the full width of the blade. (to himself) Elizabeth. (under his breath) Not where I left you. He moves casually toward the sledge. The grabs for it -- but the flat of a sword blade slaps his hand. Will jumps back. Jack stands there, sword leveled at Will. He backs Will up, toward the door. Will glares at him. (voice low and tight) You're the one they're hunting. The *pirate*. Jack acknowledges it with the tip of his head ... then frowns, regards Will. You cheated. Why are brothering with that? I'm not a simpleton.  At the jail -- it was only after you learned my name that you agreed to help me. (a smile) Since that's what I wanted, I didn't press the matter.  But now-- (an accusation) You knew my father. Jack considers his relpy -- settles on 'truth'. He knows Gibbs. The Bartender nods 'yes.' Then nods 'out back.' Then produces a water bucket from behind the bar. Jack and Will exchange a look -- and Jack takes the bucket.EXT. This is a proper kiss. Will sweeps her in his arms, leans her back, and kisses her long and well -- Jack puts a hand on Norrington's shoulder.", "HARBORMASTER": "If you're rolling scuppers in this tub, you're either incredibly brave or incredibly stupid. It's a shilling for the dock space, and you're going to have to give me your name. Welcome to Port Royal, Mr. Smith. Jack gives him a half-salute as he goes past. Looks across the water toward the Interceptor -- and smiles. Above the Interceptor, among the parapets of Fort Charles, a ceremony is underway --", "JACK": "What do you sat three shillings, and we forget the name? He tosses three shillings onto the ledger. The Harbormaster considers, then shuts the ledger on the coins, steps aside. Sorry, I didn't know. Music drifts down from Fort Charles. Jack looks up, shields his eyes. This must be some important boat. Ship. That's a fine goal, I'm sure ... But it seems to me a ship like that -- (indicates the Dauntless) -- makes this one here just a wee superflous. That so?  I've heard of one, supposed to be fast, neigh uncatchable ... the Black Pearl? Mullroy scoffs at the name. I'm sorry.  It's just such a pretty boat.  Ship. The sailors study him suspiciously. Smith. None?  Very well.  You rumbled me. I Unless, of course, he knew you wouldn't believe the truth if he told you it. Murtogg and Mullroy consider that point -- Aren't you going to save her? (rolls his eyes) Sailors. Above where Elizabeth struggles in the water, Norrington and several other men pick their way down the cliffs. They are too far away to get to her in time. Jack scowls. He has no choice -- and it pisses him off. Move. He pushes past Mullroy, kneels over Elizabeth, raises the knife -- Murtogg is shocked -- Jack slits the corset down the middle, yanks it away.Elizabeth remains still. And then -- she coughs up water and gasps, choking on her first full breath. Jack is relieved. Clearly, you've never been to Singapore. Jack flips the knife and hands it hilt-first to Murtogg -- and that's when he spots -- The Captain Jack Sparrow.  If you please. Norrington looks out at the bay. Ah, but you have heard of me. Gillette returns with shackles, approaches Jack. But it seems to be enough to condemn him. Finally. Lightning-quick, he snaps the corset around the hand and wrist of the man holding the pistol and yanks. The pistol sails into the water. Before anyone can react to that, Jack has the manacle chain wrapped around Elizabeth's throat. Pistols are drawn again, but now Elizabeth serves as a shield. Norrington raises a cautioning hand to his men. I saved your life; now you've saved mine.  We're square. Done. He turns her again, and then backs up until he bumps against the cargo gantry. You look familiar ... Have I ever threatened you before? Only a little. In responce, Will assumes an en garde position. Jack appraises him, unhappy to see Will knows what he's doing. Jack attacks. The two men stand in one place, trading feints, thrusts and parries with lightning speed, almost impossible to follow. Will has no trouble matching Jack. You need to find yourself a girl. (Will sets his jaw) Or maybe the reason you practice three hours a day is you've found one -- but can't get her? A direct hit -- and Will coils even more tightly with anger. (smiles; what did you expect?) Pirate. Jack steps forward. Will steps back, fully blocking the door. Move! You're lucky, boy -- this shot's not meant for you. Jack uncocks the pistol. Will is surprised, reassesses Jack -- Suddenly, Mister Brown You can keep doing that forever, that dog's never going to move. I know those guns! He peers out through the bars of the window. The other prisoners crowd around their window as well. There are a lot of stories about the Black Pearl. It's all right, doggie ... come here, boy.  Come here, Spot. Rover.  Fido? To his surprise, the dog crawls out from under the bench. Jack continues to coax him closer. The key ring is nearly within Jack's reach -- suddenly, the dog's attention goes to the door into the cell block. He Worry about your own fortunes.  The lowest circle of hell is reserved for betrayers ... and mutineers. Koehler and Twigg don't like hearing that. Koehler lashes out, grabs Jack by the throat through the bars. Jack clutches the pirates wrist, looks down -- Where they enter the moonlight, Koehler's wrists and hands are skeletol. Jack's eyes go wide -- he is holding a skeleton arm. Somewhat. Surely you've heard the stories? The Black Pearl sails from the dreaded Isla de Mureta ... an island that cannot be found -- except by those who already know where it is. Why ask me? And you want to turn pirate yourself? How?  The key's run off. You're name is Turner. Will gives him a puzzled look. Will Turner... (he stands) I'll tell you what, Mr. Turner. I've changed my mind.  You spring me from this cell, and on pain of death, I'll take you to the Black Pearl. (sticks out his hand) Do we have an accord? Will gives him a suspicious look. The deal seems too good. Jack keeps his hand out, still smiling. Will shakes it. Agreed! Will looks around, figures out what he needs. He makes a chair his fulcrum, and levers the long bench under the door. Pushes down -- it's hard work -- but the cell door rises, and then falls forward, Not without my effects. My business, Will.  As for your business -- one question, or there's no use going. (joins Will at the door) This girl -- what does she mean to you?  How far are you willing to go to save her? Good. No worries there.  She's far more likely to rot out from under us. Will steels himself, steps into the boat as if it's going to capsize with the slightest movement. Jack hoists the sail. Commandeer.  We're going to commandeer a ship.  Nautical term. So's breaking a man out of jail. Face it, Remarkable how often those two traits coincide. The Jolly Mon nears the rudder of the much larger ship -- Everybody stay calm.  We're taking over the ship! Dead serious. Fine by me.  We brought you a nice little boat, so you can all get back to shore, safe and sound. As likely as not. (calling) Will, short up the anchor, we've got ourselves a ship! A little help? Gillette shrugs, gestures to Murtogg and Mullroy. The three men throw their weight into the windlass, and it turns. Jack's pistol is on them the whole time. Lookee there, mate!  We're underway! Can you swim? (the man struggles) Can.  You.  Swim? Jack removes his hand. Good. Jack lifts the man up, throws him overbroad. Quickly unties the ropes to the grappling hooks. Will cranks the capstan bars, raising the foresail -- Thank you, Commodore, for getting our ship ready to make way! We'd've had a hard time of it by ourselves! Norrington seethes, but his order to Gillette is For a man whose made an industry of avoiding boats, you're a quick study. Is that so? I knew him.  Probably one of the few he knew him as William Turner. Most everyone just called him Bill, or 'Bootstrap' Bill. Good man.  Good pirate.  And clever -- I never met anyone with as clever a mind and hands as him. When you were puzzling out that cell door, it was like seeing his twin. I swear, you look just like him. Figured you wouldn't want to hear it. (laughs) You think your father is the only man who ever lived the Glasgow life, telling folk one thing, and then going off to do another? There's quite a few who come here, hoping to amass enough swag to ease the burdens of respectable life. And they're all 'merchant marines.' Sure -- because he could always go pirating. Put it away, Will.  It's not worth getting beat again. Oh -- did I forget to mention that? We need a crew.  We can manage the ship between islands, but the open sea, that's another matter -- Suddenly the Redhead (rubbing his jaw) Don't worry.  I've already got a Quartermaster -- there! Jack leads Will toward the Safe!  At Port Royal.  With the Royal Navy. You'll get it back.  Or one better. Well, fortunately, I know how to counter it.  The man who did the waking buys the man who was sleeping a drink, and the man who was sleeping it drinks it while listening to a proposition. Just the one. Gibbs pauses. He takes a dainty sip. Now where, I wonder, would they have gotten that idea? Gibbs evades answering him by taking a long sip. Jack leans forward. Gibbs leans forward. I'm going after the Black Pearl. I know where it's going to be, and I'm going to take it. Aye, and that's why I know where it's going to be, and that's why I know what Barbossa is up to.  All I need is a crew. Not if the fool has something Barbossa wants.  Something he needs. Back there, guarding the door is the son of old Bootstrap Bill Turner. Gibbs' eyes widen over the edge of the tankard. Peers at Will. Then smiles, with more missing teeth than good ones. That he is. Mr. Cotton.  Do you have the courage and fortitude to follow orders and stay true, in the face of danger, and almost certain death? Cotton lifts the parrot off his shoulder, raises it -- That goes for the rest of you! Danger and near certain death. (turns away) For we are to sail for the Isla de Muerta, to rescue the daughter of Governor Swann.  An equal share of the reward shall be-- Jack hears movement, looks back -- several potential crew members back away in fright; first one, then another, turn and run, followed by more. Soon just a half dozen are left, including Cotton (with parrot) -- and AnaMaria. These are the only ones worth having. (glances at the sky) And we're going to need them -- She can hold a bit longer. The wind picks up, howling. Jack smiles. (shouts) We're catching up! Jack turns back to the sea, enjoying himself. Gibbs stares at him like he's a crazy man. (loud) I didn't! Will and Gibbs jump. Jack is right there beside them. Ah, that's a dark and unpleasant tale, best left untold. He starts off. The pistol.  When a pirate is marooned, Will, he's given a pistol with a single shot.  No good for hunting, or surviving, really.  But after three weeks of starvation and thrist -- the option of that pistol begins to look good. Jack lets this sink in. He pulls out the pistol, raises it. They'll be anchored on the lee side.  Haul your wind, and keep to the weather of the island -- Depends. On whether the stories are all true.  If they are, that's a waterfall that spills over at high tide, with a short drop to an underground lagoon.  If not -- By now, the moving water tugs on the longboat, and they are sucked in -- Me! No, I'm -- rescuing you. Elizabeth can't comprehend that one. This way! They race off, toward a bit of moonlight -- The trick isn't getting here, it's getting away. As if on cue, they hear the yells of pirates, coming closer. They take off -- No.  This won't work. (a quick decision) I'll stay behind, and fight them. You go on. Will and Elizabeth stare at him. I'll lead them away. The sounds are closer. I'm sure.  When you've led the kind of life that I have, there are debts that must be paid.  Maybe I can balance the scales a little. Will nods, hesitates ... gives Jack his sword -- now Jack has two, one for each hand. Elizabeth gives him a quick kiss. Will and Elizabeth race away, and are gone.82. The woman's blood didn't work, did it? Barbossa hesitates. No you won't. Barbossa nods. Pintel steps forward, puts a blade to Jack's throat. Jack's smile widen. Simple.  I have something you won't more than anything.  The way to free you from the curse of the treasure.  You have something I want -- more than anything. You give me the Pearl.  Then I tell you who you need. Barbossa stares at him, incredulous. That's right. I'm a man of my word. The pirates laugh louder. You left me on a desert island -- what worse can you do? Jack is still smiling, intentionally smug now. Barbossa sees his options dwindling, begins to pace. Wait as long as you like. Let's say I tell you the wrong person.  What would you do? And if I tell you the truth, you become, and you won't come near me because you know I'd kill you. Barbossa hesitates. The pirates are amazed at how the tide has turned; Barbossa has gone past considering the idea, and might even do it. See, that's where we're different. I trust you ... to do what it takes to get what you want. What -- you don't have the medallion? I'll watch my back. Don't hit my ship!  I mean, kill the lying scoundrel -- (to Twigg) I'm a little conflicted, here. Twigg just stares. Will -- don't do anything stupid! Don't say anything stupid -- It's pure evil to make a Captain walk the plank of his own ship, twice in one lifetime.  No good can come of it. Someone needs to cut these bonds, then. Barbossa smiles, shows a pistol. Points it at Jack. The last time you do this, you left me a pistol, with one shot. The pirates mutter agreement. A gentleman might give us two pistols, seeing as there are two of us, this time. A pirate hands Jack's pistol to Barbossa. You can go to your grave not knowing. That's the second time I've had to watch that man sail away with my ship. He turns away, and swims after Elizabeth. The trees are taller. Jack checks to see if the pistol parts are dry; they are. He sets about re-assembling and loading his pistol. Not yet.  Ask me again in a few weeks. Elizabeth can't believe it. Don't be thinking I'm not already working on it. He climbs up toward a clump of palm trees. Digs for something beneath the sand. He finds It won't.  It won't, and so we won't. He jumps down into the pit, cracks open a bottle of rum, takes a swig. Last time, I was here a grand total of three days.  Last time, the rumrunners who used this island as a cache came by, and I bartered passage off.  But from the looks of this, they've been out of business, and so that won't be happening again. (takes another swig) We probably have your friend Norrington to thank for that. You're right. (hoists the bottle) Here's luck to you, Will Turner. He drinks -- and difiantly returns Elizabeth's angry gaze. But then turns away, sits down. Try it.  It goes down rough, but it goes down -- and the second swig goes down easier. Elizabeth considers. Comes to a decision. She unseals the bottle, takes a swig. They sit in silence for a bit. What?  What was that? (Elizabeth smiles) Something funny, Miss Swann? Share, please. I know a lot of songs about pirates, but none I'd teach a child.  Let's hear it. Now I must hear this song.  An authentic pirate song.  Have at it. More to drink! He gathers two more bottles, tosses one to her. She drops her half-finished bottle to catch it. Opens it, takes a sip. I Ah, well ... the company is better than last time.  And the scenery has definitely improved. We've got a few bottles left ... and we've yet to tap the kegs. Elizabeth shrugs with a sleight -- but promising -- smile. She picks up the empty bottle from the ground, holds it up. To the Black Pearl. They tap the bottles together. Elizabeth feigns a drink as he chugs. He taps his bottle against hers again. She laughs, feigns another drink -- What are you doing?  You've burned our food, the shade -- the rum! Why? You -- you burned up the island, for a one-time chance at being spotted? They'll be no living with her after this. (she's right) We had time to get to know each other. Norrington, think about it ... the Black Pearl, its captain and crew ... the last pirate threat in the Caribbean.  How can you pass that up? Congratulations, sir. Crew men lead Jack toward the bridge. Sailors go about their tasks, and the ship begins its slow turn. Nor did you, I noticed. Exactly. I have a plan.  If it succeeds, then any battle will be decidedly brief ... and one-sided. Funny, I was thinking along those lines.  How about you let me go in alone, and while you're setting up an ambush, I'll trick the pirates out to you. They left me stranded.  Twice. What have you got to lose? (smiles) I knew you'd listen to reason! That chart I drew up'll get you past the reefs.  If you're steersman's good enough, that is. Do you have any idea where you're going? Don't talk.  These caves magnify sound.  Just follow me. It's the right way. Will joins him -- and sees what Jack is staring You don't want to be doing that. Barbossa pretends to think about his words. (shrugs) All right then. That makes Barbossa pause. He steps out of the moonlight. Because, right about now, the -- and its guns and crew will cut you and your men to pieces the moment you step outside these caves. A buzz of apprehension sweeps through the pirates. You've no hope of surviving Norrington's attack ... that is, if you're mortal. The situation has changed. Aye.  See, after you're done with the Royal Navy, you'll have a bit of a There's ... another exit? Oh, please -- did I really seem that clever? Before Will can answer, Jack smoothly slips the sword from a Pirate's scabbard -- tosses it to Will, who catches it despite his sursprise. Well, isn't that interesting. Skeleton Jack pulls the sword from his chest. He pulls something from his Or you could surrender. He shoves Barbossa back, out of the moonlight. Barbossa stalks the room, his attention focused on Jack. (admits it) The worst. (beat) On the other hand, maybe I'm a man who can't pass up a chance for revenge against the black-hearted bastard who stole my ship and left me to die in the middle of the ocean -- twice! -- and who knows how to get what he wants.  Now that's a great pirate. Jack cuts his palm, grips the coin he stole above the chest ... and then hesitates. Will looks at him ...Jack releases the coin. It lands in the chest beside the Tough luck.  I was rooting for you. AnaMaria, trim the mainsail! Mr. Gibbs, organize a cleaning detail -- you and Cotton.  I want every inch of the Pearl spic-and- span and ship-shape! Gibbs actually stomps the deck, executes a salute. Jack stands at the", "MURTOGG": "This dock is off-limits to civilians. No ... somone has to make sure this dock stays off-limits to civilians. Captain Norrington's made it his flagship.  He'll use it to hunt down the last dregs of piracy on the Spanish Lake. Right.  Commodore Norrington. The Black Pearl is a real ship. Yes it is.  I've seen it. Yes. Yes. Yes, I have. ... No. ... no. What's your name? I said, no lies. He's not telling the truth. If he were telling truth he wouldn't have told us. That Jack Sparrow ... he talked about the Black Pearl. Still -- I can't believe he's doing this. The windlass turns, bringing Mullroy into view.", "JACK (CONT'D)": "Some sort of to-do up at the fort, eh?  You two weren't invited? Fine. He pulls a pistol from his sword belt, hands it to Murtogg; then hands the belt to Mullroy. Don't lose these. And then he dives into the water, swims toward Elizabeth. Elizabeth struggles to keep above water, gasping for air -- then a swell rolls over her, and she is submerged -- Where did you get this? Before Elizabeth can answer, the (backing away, toward land) Commodore Norrington ... my pistol and belt, please. Norrington hesitates, balls his fists in frustration. Commodore! Mullroy hands the pistol and belt to Norrington. Norrington holds them out to Jack. Elizabeth -- it is Elizabeth? Elizabeth is more angry than frightened. Now, if you'll be very kind? She figures out what he Gentlemen ... m'lady ... you will always remember this as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow. He shoves Elizabeth away, grabs a rope and pulls free a belaying pin -- a counterweight drops and Jack is lifted up to the middle of the gantry, where he grabs a second rope -- Pistols fire -- and miss. Jack swings out, out, out, away from and around the gantry. Norrington has held his shot. With careful aim, he tracks Jack's trajectory -- Do you think this is wise, boy? Crossing blades with a pirate? You know what you're doing, I'll give you that ... Excellent form ... But how's your footwork?  If I step here -- He takes a step around an imaginary circle. Will steps the other way, maintaining his relationship with Jack. Very good!  And if I step again, you step again ... (continuing to step around the circle) And so we circle, circle, like dogs we circle ... They are now exactly opposite their initial positions. Ta! Jack turns and heads for the door, now directly behind him. Will registers with angry surprise -- and then with a vicious overhand motion, he throws his sword -- -- the sword buries itself into the door, just above the latch, barely missing Jack. Jack registers it, then pulls on the latch, but it won't move up -- the sword is in the way. That's a good trick.  Except, once again, you are between me and the way out. (points his sword at the back door) And now you have no weapon. Eyes on Jack, Will simply picks up a new sword from an anvil. Jack slumps in dismay -- but then he leaps forward. Who makes all these? Move away. It's the Black Pearl. What's the matter, boy? The dog bolts, through the bars, into the cell, then out through the breached wall -- taking the keys with him. The door to the cell block bursts open. A pair of pirates step You are cursed. Koehler sneers, shoves Jack bakwards, hard. Now out of the moonlight, his hand is normal. Jack stares, realizing -- The stories are true. Koehler ushers Twigg toward the door. Looks back. I knew the Harbormaster wouldn't report her.  Honest men are slaves to their conscience, and there's no predicting 'em.  But you can always trust a dishonest man to stay that way... Jack notices that Will is standing, frozen on the dock, staring at the boat in dismay. Come aboard. Besides, we are about to better our prospects considerably. He nods toward the As long as you're just hanging there, pay attention.  Must, should, do, don't, shall, shall not -- those are just mere suggestions.  There are only two absolute rules. (ticks them off on his fingers) What a man can do.  And what a man can't do. Will looks away, not interested. For Borrowed.  Borrowed your boat. (off her look) Without permission. AnaMaria charges; Jack backs away, puts a table between them. She chases him around the table, still carrying the tray. I'm going after the Black Pearl. Gibbs straightens up like he's been hit. He stares. He reaches for the drink as if to down it -- but then sets it back down. He leans forward again. Jack has not moved. Six points port! AnaMaria frowns, but follows the order, turns the wheel back, and the ship responds. Will works on deck, coiling a rope -- but he watches Jack and AnaMaria, clearly not happy. Gibbs hobbles up. My body's still there, rotting away, and I am but a ghost! Will and Gibbs aren't sure what to make of that. Jack laughs. But I survived.  And I still have that single shot.  It's meant for one man.  My mutinous first mate-- -- well, too late. The boat rushes forward, plunges into darkness -- Go to the opposite end of the island, and signal the ship.  I'll keep 'em busy. I invoke the right of parlay, according to the Code of the Brethren, set down down by the pirates Morgan and Bartholomew... I know whose blood you need, to end the curse. You see, I've got this honest streak in me -- in its own way, a sort of curse.  Oh, and there's the fact that you have no choice. You should look at our contretemps this Don't be thinking I'm happy about this, Elizabeth.  But I see no use in wailing and gnashing my teeth over that which I can do nothing about. Well? Elizabeth clears her throat, begins to sing self-consciously, becoming stronger as she goes on. (drops the coins one- by- one back into the chest) Like after you've killed ... Every ... Last ... One ... of Norrington's men. I sail for you as part of your fleet, I give you fifteen percent of my plunder, and you get to introduce yourself at tea parties and brothels as 'Commodore Barbossa.' (sticks out his hand) Do we have an accord? Barbossa licks his lips. It's tempting ... Use it well. He draws his own sword -- and clobbers the Pirate. Barbossa and the other pirates stare in shock -- They're so pretty, I just couldn't resist stealing one.  It's a curse, I guess. Barbossa grabs up his sword, and rushes Jack. Both men are in moonlight now, two skeletons in pitched battle.", "MULLROY": "Ship. There's no *real* ship as can match the Interceptor. No, it's not. You've seen it? You've seen the Black Pearl? You haven't seen it. You've seen a ship with black sails that's crewed by the damned and captained by a man so evil that hell itself spat him back out? No. Oh, and no ship that's not crewed by the damned and captained by a man so evil that hell itself spat him back out could possibly have black sails and therefore couldn't possibly be any ship other than the Black Pearl.  Is that what you're saying? (turns back to Jack) Like I said, there's no real ship as can match -- Hey! But Jack's not there. Murtogg and Mullroy look around, spot -- Jack standing at the wheel of the Interceptor, casually examining the mechanism. What's your business in Port Royal, 'Mr. Smith'? I think he's telling the truth. He may be. I can't swim. Murtogg shakes his head -- neither does he. Not breathing. Murtogg looks down; it seems hopeless. Jack steps up, drawing Murtogg's knife from its sheath. I never would have thought of that. (to Murtogg) I told you he was telling the truth. (currying favor) These are his, sir. He holds out Jack's pistol and belt. Norrington takes the pistol, examines it, notes the powder horn on Jack's belt. Mentioned it, is more what he did. You didn't believe he was telling the truth, either. The windless turns some more, and there's Gillette.", "MULLOY": "Commodore.", "MULLROY (CONT'D)": "You! Jack looks over in exaggeratedly innocent surprise. The sailors hurry toward the gangplank. Get away from there!  You don't have permission to be aboard there! Jack spreads his hands in apology.", "UNDERWATER,": "Elizabeth drifts down, unconscious. The current turns her, and the", "BROWN": "Just doing my civic duty. Jack groans. Norrington stands over him, smiles. That ratter broke my bottle.", "PRISONER": "Come here, boy ... Want a nice, juicy bone? In an adjoining cell, Jack lies on a pile of straw. Excuse us if we ain't resigned ourselves to the gallows just yet. (frightened) The Black Pearl?  I've heard stories ... she's been preying on ships and settlements for near ten years ... and never leaves any survivors. Praise be! He and the other two scramble through.", "PINTEL": "Up there! The pirates rush for the stairs. Elizabeth scrabbles back into the nearest room -- We know you're here, poppet.  Come out and we promise we won't hurt you. Smoldering Pirate gives him a look -- he wants to hurt her plenty. Pintel shakes his What? I know the code. It would appear, so do you. She wants to be taken to the Captain, and she'll go without a fuss. He looks to She's invoked the right of parlay ... with Captain Barbossa. You'll be dining with the Captain, and he requests you wear this. (happy) He said you say that!  He also said if that be the case, you'll be dining with the crew, and you'll be naked. Angry, Elizabeth holds out her hand. Pintel's grin fades. What did you expect?  We're all gentlemen here, right and proper. The pirates laugh. Barbossa takes the medallion, grins at Elizabeth.78. She had the medallion!  She's the right age.  She said her name was Turner! Now? What's he doing?  Is her going to run her aground? That's proper, sir, according to the code. Ah, William Turner.  Stupid blighter.  He threw in with us after we relieved Jack Sparrow of his captaincy, but turned out, it never sat well with him -- particularly after we found Cortes' treasure, and its peculiar condition.  He thought we deserved to be cursed, for leaving ol' Jack to the fate we did.  That's why he sent off a piece of the treaure -- to you, as it That's a nice thought, to be sure, and I wager your da wishes he'd thought it hisself.  But, no.  See, what he'd done, didn't sit too well with Captain Barbossa ... so he chained a cannon to his legs and dumped him over. Will reacts with shock at the account of his father's fate. No reason to fret.  It's just a prick of the finger and a few drops of blood. I guess there is a reason to fret. Do you believe him? Be quick, now.  Train the starboard guns on the beach, and set your aim.  Wait for my signal, we don't want to spook them. The pirates hurry to comply --", "ESTRELLA": "Miss Elizabeth? Elizabeth jumps. Estrella is right behind her, terrified. They", "ESTRELLA (CONT'D)": "Are they come to kidnap you, miss? The daughter of a governor would be very valuable. Elizabeth realizes she's right. There is the", "PINTEL (CONT'D)": "We will find you, poppet ... You've got something of ours, and it calls to us! Hello, poppet. Elizabeth works the ropes to lower the box. Pintel pulls the other way; he's stronger, and the box rises. Elizabeth tries to stop it -- wraps her left forearm through the rope and lets it jam against the top of the box. Elizabeth gasps at the pain, but the box stops. She saws at the rope with the bread knife. Smoldering Pirate helps pull the rope, crushing Elizabeth's We must honor the code. Smoldering Pirate concedes the point, sheaths his dirk. He grabs Elizabeth roughly by the arm -- (hands it over) Fine. He exits, pouting. Elizabeth examines the dress --56.", "PINTEL (O.S.)": "The gold calls to us! Elizabeth registers that -- she pulls out the medallion, rubs the gold with her thumb. This is their objective. Light spills into the box through gaps in the top as the door above is slide open -- Elizabeth looks up through the gaps -- Pintel leers down at her.", "ELIZABETH (CONT\u2019D)": "(gasps it out) Par... Parlay! Pintel can't believe his ears. There.  And don't you dare tell me that wasn't a proper kiss!", "PRISONER (CONT'D)": "(back to Jack) My sympathies, friend -- you've no manner of luck at all! The three descend the rocks beyond, disappearing from view.38.", "TWIGG": "This isn't the armory. He turns to go, but Koehler has spotted Jack. Huh.  Last time I saw you, you were all alone on a God-forsaken island, shrinking into the distance.  I'd heard you'd gotten off, but I didn't believe it. Isla de Muerta!  Isla de Muerta, off the port bow! It didn't work!  The curse is still upon us! Barbossa searches his mind for an answer ... turns to Elizabeth. (to Barbossa) You brought us here for nothing? Barbossa whirls on him -- It's true -- he's the spittin' image of Old Bootstrap.  Even talks the same! Jack drops his head. Barbossa grins at him.", "KOEHLER": "(Dutch accent) Well, well ... Look what we have here, Twigg.  It's Captain Sparrow. Did you sprout little wings and fly away? You know nothing of hell. And then they're gone. Moonrise, Captain!  First night of full. Did it work? You're not dead.", "BOSUN": "I didn't know we was taking captives. You'll speak when spoken to! His wrist is grabbed -- painfully -- by Barbossa. Aye, sir. Barbossa releases him. Turns to Elizabeth, smiles -- it shows both gold and silver teeth. Still the guns, and stow 'em! Signal the men, set the flags, and make good to clear port! For the first time since the attack began, the", "BARBOSSA": "And you'll not lay a hand on those under the protection of parlay! There was a lot of long words in there, miss, and we're not but humble pirates.  What is it you want? I am disinclined to acquiesce to your request. (helpfully) Means 'No.' My holds are bursting with swag. That bit of shine matters to me ... Why? (interested) Did you, now? Elizabeth glares at him. She's getting nowhere.42.  You've got sand, for a maid. And how does a maid come to own a trinket such as that?  A family heirloom, perhaps? No, no, nothing like that. (comes to a decision) Very well.  You hand that over, we'll put your town to our rudder and ne'er return.43. It's you who invoked the parlay! Believe me, Miss, you'd best hand it over, now ... or these be the last friendly words you'll hear! Elizabeth hesitates, but she has no choice. She holds out the medallion. He grabs it, clutches it in his fist like hope. First.  Your return to shore was not part of our negotiations nor our agreement, and so I 'must' do nothing.  Maid or not, it fits you. Now, none of that.  Please dig in. The table is set. Elizabeth sits, cuts a tiny piece of meat, eats it daintily. Oh, there would be no sense in killing you, Miss Turner. Would that I could. He produces the medallion, lets it dangle from his fingers. It's a piece of the treasure of Isla de Muerta. Elizabeth gives an infinitesimal shrug, intrigued despite herself. You idiot girl!  It's no make- believe!  My crew and Look! (shakes her) Bring her in, not too close.  I won't brave the reef, not until high tide.  We lay anchor before dark. Jacoby nods, backs away. Barbossa continues to stare -- Hah! (to the pirates) Be mindful of pits and crevasses. Stay together. He takes a torch. Moves into the cave. The pirates follow. Careful, mate.  Fall down there, you'd die and miss Judgement Day -- for not even the Lord himself'll come look for you here. Barbossa lets go, and moves on, descending down, twisting and turning, but always down -- Here we stand before the cursed treasure of Cortez himself.  Won by blood, it demands blood in return. All eyes turn -- onto Elizabeth. Pintel takes the stone knife from the chest, approaches her. Elizabeth shrinks back, but is held by two other pirates. Pintel grins. Grabs her by the wrist. She turns her head away, shuts her eyes. Pintel raises the knife ...... and then very carefully, daintily, uses just the sharp tip of the knife to juck prick! Elizabeth's finger. You know the first thing I'm going to do after the curse is lifted? (grins) Eat a whole bushel of apples. Barbossa approaches the chest, shining in the beam of moonlight. You.  Maid.  Your father.  What was his name?! (grabs her roughly) Was your father William Turner?! Elizabeth takes time to smile before Where's his child?  The child that sailed from England eight years ago, the child who is the real owner of that medallion, the child in whose veins flows the blood of William Turner?!  Where? Barbossa If you have sailed with Morgan for ten years like I have, you'd know not to question me! Elizabeth sits up, watching the pirates argue, for a moment unnoticed. Suddenly, a scabbard comes down, right above her. Startled, Elizabeth looks up ---- Will is at the top of a mound of coins, reaching down with his scabbard for her to grab onto. Elizabeth quickly leans forward, takes the bloodied medallion from the pile. Reaches back, grabs the scabbard. Will pulls her up -- I'm inclined to kill you now, Jack Sparrow, without so much as a word, if you don't lose that grin from you're face. Jack's smile remains. Barbossa puts a hand on his cutlass -- Say the name, or I slit your throat. (nods) Now. (Pintel grins) No, don't kill him.83. The Pearl? (laughs) Oh, that's fine.  And just how do you expect this to work? That's your offer?  You, sailing away nice and pretty with the Black Pearl, and all I have is a name? I'm supposed to ... trust you? The pirates laugh. Blast you!  I'll throw you in prison. You're setting me up for a double cross, you with the ship, and me with nothing more than your word! Track you down and -- He sees where Jack is headed. Jack, I don't trust you, and that's a fact.  Never trust a smiling man, you can lay to that. That fool woman took it.  You be careful around her, Jack -- she's pretty enough, she'll steal your heart -- but pure evil inside. Bosun!  Set up Mr. Sparrow's quarters, nice and fine ... in the brig. (to Jack, a smile) Meaning no disrespect, of course. Jack nods, and is taken away. Barbossa stares after him, not hiding his mistrust. Strike your colors, you bloody cockroaches! Welcome back, Miss.  Last time on board, you played me right clever, make pretending and all.  I hope your stay this time is more pleasant.  Boys, show her some hospitality! He shoves her into a group of pirates; they yell their approval. She is pushed from one to another. This goads Will to action. He head-butts the pirate behind him, grabs a pistol, waves it at the pirates. What's in your head, boy? You've got one shot -- and we can't die. Looks like your back to having nothing to offer. Enough of that! (to Will) Name your terms. We got that part.  Anything else? Agreed.  You have my word, as a gentleman of fortune -- Eh?  You have my word, then -- on the Good Book, I do swear, and the Lord spare my worthless soul. Barbossa crosses himself, as do many of his men. Will lowers his gun ... steps downs -- the pirates surround him. They snatch away the pistol. Jack, Elizabeth ... I'm a man of my word and you're to be set free, right quick. (loudly) Men, break out the plank! A Quite, boy, or you'll lose your tongue.  Those as know me know I wouldn't cross my word, and bring down bad luck on the ship. (nods) I agreed to set them free.  I didn't when ... nor where. You'd best take a swim, Jack. By the powers, you're right! (turns around) Where's Jack's pistol?  Who's got it?  Bring it forward! Tell you what.  I'll give you one pistol, and let you be the gentleman, and shoot the lady, and starve to death yourself! (grins) That is, presuming you're not both drownded. The pirates laugh. Barbossa tosses Jack the pistol -- but over his head, and down into the water with a splash. Have at her, lads! The pirates rush to comply. Lift her up, toss her over the rail -- with a scream she falls -- Turner blood doesn't flow pure in his veins. (grins) Best play it safe, and spill it all. Careful, now.  You could fall in and still be wonder'n when you'll hit dirt. Will makes a decision. He intentionally stumbles. Pintel shoves him forwad -- Will continues forward, grabs the pirate in front of him, swings him into the wall of the cave. Catches the pirate's torch, and uses it to ward off the others. Thank you, Jack Sparrow. They jump -- Barbossa is standing right behind them, flanked by his men. The trio whirl to run -- more pirates emerge from hiding. Nearly the entire crew of the Black Pearl is there. The pirates grab Will and Jack. Will struggles, but Jack does not fight at all. What was begun by blood, let blood now end! He raises the knife to Will's throat -- Why don't I want to do this? No. (indicates Will) But him I believe.  He us genuinely angry. What're you suggesting? Jack shakes off the hands holding him, strolls toward Barbossa, Will, and the chest of coins. I can't help wondering, Jack, why you're being so helpful and all? Last time you did that, it didn't end well for you. That so? Men!  Are you up for it? The pirates yell to the affirmative. Aye, for us there is. Confound it, Jack -- I was actually beginning to like you! Swords are drawn, and the Pirates attack. Jack and Will take on multiple opponents, each with his own Just so you know, Jack -- I don't think you're that clever.  I think you're a fool.  A mortal fool. You can't beat me, Jack. To prove his point, he drops his own sword -- and catches Jack's sword with both hands. Jack can't free it. Barbossa twists the sword from Jack's grip, reverses it -- -- So what now, Jack Sparrow?  Are we to be two immortals, locked in epic battle until the trumpets of Judgement Day? Hah.  Ten years you carried that pistol, and you end up wasting your shot.", "BARBOSSA (CONT'D)": "You have a name, missy? No need to stand on ceremony, and no call to impress anyone.  You must be hungry. Elizabeth drops the Try the whine. Elizabeth does, a huge swig; she tears off a hunk of bread, devours it. And the apples -- one of those next. She starts to bite into the apple -- stops. She is suddenly aware of Barbossa's gaze -- and that he is not eating. Do you not know what this is, then? So the priest, with his dying breath, called on the power of the blood of his people, and put on the gold a curse.  If anyone took so much as a single piece, as he was compelled by greed, by greed he would be consumed. Inside the chest are charts, some gold, a sextant -- and a few pages of a Mayan There is but one way to remove the curse.  All of the scattered pieces of the treasure must be restored in full, and the blood repaid. (he throws the pages aside) We've recovered every piece -- save for this. (holds up the medallion)59. Apple? Elizabeth slowly reaches for the apple -- and then comes up out of her chair, trying to run around Barbossa. They struggle briefly, and then suddenly he shoves her away -- Elizabeth's stolen I'm curious -- after killing me, what is it you were planning to do next? Elizabeth backs away, whirls and barrels out the door -- -- but neither are we dead!  We have all the desires of the living, but cannot satisfy them!  Ten years I have parched of thirst, and able to quench it!  Ten years, I have been starving to death -- and haven't died! (raises his hand) And I have not felt anything for ten years ... Not the wind on my face, nor the spray of the sea ... (reaches toward Elizabeth) ... nor the flesh of a woman ... You'd best start believing in ghost stories, Miss Turner.  Because now you're in one. He tilts the bottle and drinks -- it runs over his jaw, through his rib cage, drenching his clothes. Elizabeth darts around him, back into the cabin, and shuts the door. Barbossa hurls the bottle away. ... that is, if it first doesn't sink back down to hell from where it came. What was begun by blood, let blood now end! He tosses the gold medallion onto the others. The pirates tense, waiting, expectant. A long beat. They all look at each other, look at themselves. Nothing happens. Allow me the humor of listening to your terms. Boatswain!  Take your captives belowdecks.  Chain them in the galley, and teach 'em how to row. Gibbs, AnaMaria, Cotton and the rest are led away under guard. Barbossa looks out to sea, toward the islet. So how did you get off that island, anyway? You couldn't have led him back more directly if you knew exactly where you were going. He laughs, and moves toward the stone chest. The pirates follow, dragging Will and Jack with them. Mr. Pintel, select five men to stay here.  Take the rest of the men out ... not through the caves. Jack's expression falters; this he hadn't planned for.", "out:": "", "GILLETTE": "You're serious about this. Jack moves his pistol across, points it at Gillette. You understand this ship cannot be crewed by only two men.  You'll never make it out of the bay. Sir, I'll not see any of my men killed or wounded in this foolish enterprise. (a curt nod) Agreed.  You have the momentary advantage, sir.  But I will see you smile from the yard arm, sir. (over his shoulder, to Will) Do you have any idea, boy, what you're doing?52. The wind is quarter from astern ... by the time we're underway, we'll never catch them. Hands!  Come about!  Jackets off the cannons! (to Norrington) We are to fire on our own ship? He's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen. Norrington reaches out, stops the spinning ship's wheel. All the men in place, sir.  Ready to fire. They're on our side!  Take heart, men! The Royal Navy stand their ground and fight -- Sir! All eyes turn. Gillette stands at the top of a stairway. Sir!  Shall I break out the cannons?", "SENTRY": "Of course, sir.  Like a fish.  I grew up summers living in Dover, with my uncle --", "STEERSMAN": "Captain, there's a problem. The Steersman spins the wheel. It goes round and round, with no signs of slowing.", "BARBOSSA (CONT\u2019D)": "Ah, so you don't know as much as you pretend.  Back when Cortes was cutting a great bloody swath through the New World, a high priest gave him all the gold they had, with one Pintel ... set sail.  If this fool plan is to work, we'll need the medallion, and that means catching the ship which brought 'em here. Jack is completely caught off guard. For the first time, his smile fades. The lady's next.  But first, I'll be wanting that dress back, if you please. Elizabeth hesitates ... then strips it off, leaving her in a silk slip. She throws it at him.", "ANAMARIA": "You stole my boat. My dory.  The Jolly Mon.  Where is it? That boat is my livelihood! (a threat) I will. Away from them, a You owe me a boat. Jack nods, continues. One sailor is quite fat, another thin and sickly. Jack is not happy with his choices. He stops in front of How does he do that? Can we outrun them? Looks like they mean to send us under. Capatin Sparrow -- the Black Pearl is yours! Jack runs a hand lovingly along the rail, then takes the wheel. It feels good -- right -- in his hands. He enjoys it, and then shifts to 'Captain' mode. Aye, aye, sir!", "GIBBS (CONT'D)": "Blast it, I'm already awake! -- so he went and trained the parrot to do the talking for him, nobody knows how.  Nobody knows the parrot's name, neither, so we just call it 'Cotton's parrot.' Jack decides to test this. We'd best drop canvas, sir! Jack gave hisself up for the sake of his loyal crew.  He was marooned on an island, left there to die. It's a signal.  If we resist, it won't just be death.  There'll be torture as well.", "GIBBS (CONT\u2019D)": "Kid's a bit of a stick, isn't he?", "COTTON'S PARROT": "Wind in your Land Drink", "calls down:": "", "JACOBY": "Orders, Captain? How can we tell? Barbossa frowns, draws his pistol, and No. (realizes) He shot me! (to Pintel) You brought us the wrong person!", "BARBOSSA (O.S.)": "Aye.  And not a bit of it any use to us, only hoarded.  But it will drive us no longer. Elizabeth pauses, staring at herself in a jewel-encrusted mirror -- and then is pushed along by the pirates.", "DEADEYE": "I don't feel no different.", "JACK (O.S.)": "Not all that big, is it? Jack lays on the beach. He has dismantled his pistol; the parts, ball and powder dry on his scarf.", "JACK/ELIZABETH": "Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me!  Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me!", "JACK (CONT\u2019D)": "When I get the Black Pearl back, I'm going to teach it to the whole crew, and we'll sing it all the time!", "(re: Jack)": "Clap him in irons.  And behind his back this time.", "PINTEL (CONT\u2019D)": "Yep, last I saw of Bootstrap Bill, was his face looking up, as he sank down to the crushing black oblivion of Davy Jones' locker. (sighs) It was only after, we found out we needed his blood to solve the curse.  That's what you call ironic. Barbossa appears behind Pintel, flanked by several others pirates. He regards Will for a moment,", "LOOKOUT (O.S.)": "", "TALL SAILOR": "Ship rats.  Big ones. That they do. >From behind, the two sailors at the rail are well-lit by a lantern. Suddenly shadows appear, skeletons, climbing up the sailor's backs.", "SHORT SAILOR": "(nods) Hate those things. They turn back toward the island, continue their vigil. A long pause.", "SKINNY": "Which would you prefer first, good sir -- rum, or wine?", "BIG-BONES": "I believe I'll have a spot o' rum, if you don't mind, and thank'ee kind sir! They burst out laughing -- a hideous sound that wheezes through their bones. Behind them, unnoticed, Elizabeth peeks catiously around a corner. She picks her moment and sneaks past quickly, down a gangway, disappearing into the darkness of the ship.", "GILLETTE (CONT'D)": "Jack and his crew have escaped! (gasps from the crowd) There was no damage to the cell ... they must have been set free. Will and Elizabeth exchange looks. You? Not me, you? No, not me either! Swann notices something on the parapet, points --"}, "psycho.pdf": {"#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZPDFALL": "Psycho (1960) by Joseph Stefano. Based on the novel by Robert Bloch. Revised December 1, 1959. More info about this movie on IMDb.com", "FADE IN:": "", "SAM": "Never did eat your lunch, did you. Mary looks at his smile, has to respond, pulls him to her, kisses him. Then, and without breaking the kiss, she swings her legs over the side of the bed, toe-searches around, finds her shoes, slips her feet into searches them. And finally pulls away and sits up. Call your boss and tell him you're taking the rest of the afternoon off. It's Friday anyway... and hot. I've heard of married couples who deliberately spend occasional nights in cheap hotels. They say it... You sure talk like a girl who's been married. I'm sorry, Mary. (after a moment) My old Dad used to say 'when you can't change a situation, laugh at it.' Nothing ridicules a thing like laughing at it. (observing) The only girlish thing you have lost. For what? Okay. What do we do instead, write each other lurid love letters? And I'm a working man! We're a regular working-class tragedy! (he laughs) (interrupting, seriously) You can't laugh at it, huh? Sure. It's like laughing through a broken jaw, but... He breaks off, his cheeriness dissolved, goes to the window, tries to raise the shade. It sticks. He pulls at it. It comes down entirely, and the hot sun glares into the room, revealing it in all its shabbiness and sordidness as if And besides, when you say I make tax- deductible excuses you make me out a criminal. I wish I were. Not an active criminal but... a nice guy with the conscience of a criminal. (goes close to mary, I can come down next week. Not even just to see you, to have lunch... in public? And after the steak... do we send Sister to the movies and turn Mama's picture to the wall? (after a pause, simply) All right. She stares at him, surprised at his willingness to continue the affair on her terms, as girls are so often surprised when they discover men will continue to want them even after the sexual bait has been pulled in. Sam smiles reassuringly, Mary, whenever it's possible, tax- deductible or not, I want to see deductible you. And under any conditions. (a smile) Even respectability. I'm fed up with sweating for people who aren't there. I sweat to pay off my father's debts... and he's in his grave... I sweat to pay my ex-wife alimony, and she's living on the other side of the world somewhere. A couple of years and the debts will be paid off. And if she ever re- marries, the alimony stops... and then... Yeah, but when you do... you'll swing. And live with me in a storeroom behind a hardware store in Fairvale. We'll have a lot of laughs. When I send my ex-wife her money, you can lick the stamps. You know what I'd like? A clear, empty sky... and a plane, and us in it... and somewhere a private island (a cheerful shout) How can you even think a thing like that! Hey, we can leave together can't we? Yes? (a bit mystified) Sure... Lila glances at the customer and the clerk, turns, starts toward the front of the store. Sam holds a moment, then follows. As he reaches her, she turns, her eyes studying him intently as she Lila. Is something wrong? Here? Where? What's the matter? What should I know? And you thought she'd come up here, to me? If she had, what reason would she have for not calling you? (Slightly exasperated) Well what do you think, we eloped or something? Or we're living in sin and... I was getting to that! Nothing! You're putting me on the defensive. Bob? Run out and get yourself some lunch. Run out and eat it. Bob gets the message, goes out through the back way. Sam goes closer to Lila, speaks with soft seriousness. What thing? What thing could we be in together? Is Mary... in trouble? Well why didn't she come to me... call me...? (Seriously) Never mind my ego. Let's talk about Mary. Their attention is distracted by a man who has strolled quietly into the room. He ignores them, walks past them, goes behind the counter, takes down a sign reading Who are you, friend? What's your interest? Somebody better tell me what's going on and tell me fast! I can take so much and then... Why? What are you talking about? (To Lila) What is this? She isn't! A real look of anguish comes into Lila's face. And Arbogast studies it, then speaks. Did you check in Phoenix... hospitals... maybe she had an accident... a hold-up... (after a moment) I don't believe it. (to Lila, slowly) Do you? You might have doubted for say five minutes or so, Sister. Lila turns from Sam, a flush of guilt and regret in her face. Arbogast looks at her, quiet sympathetically. It was her boss' idea not to report it to the police? He must have had a darn good reason for wanting them kept out of it... All that cash... No. I didn't see her... and I didn't hear from her! Believe that! You've led a charmed life. Maybe we can handle it together. (He smiles encouragingly)  She'll need both of us. (brightly) First rate hotel, fifty yards up the street. Come on. (as he reaches for the closed-for-lunch sign) (at window, quietly) Sometimes Saturday night has a lonely sound. Ever notice, Lila? It's been three. (suddenly cheerful) He'll be back. Let's sit still and hang on, okay? Hundreds! Which one is your pet? I feel better when you feel better. You want to run out there, bust in on Arbogast and the sick old lady, shake her up and maybe spoil everything Arbogast's been building for the last three hours. That wouldn't be a wise thing to do. Arbogast said... (into phone) Got the number of the motel out on the old highway? Bates, I think. (waits) And maybe pass Arbogast on the road? (into phone) Thanks. He presses down the receiver, releases it, dials Bates' Motel. The faint other-end ringing tones can be heard, repeatedly, annoyingly. He waits. (to Lila) Probably on his way back right now. (hangs up and picks up his jacket) You'll never find it. He starts for the door. Lila follows after him into the store. (looks at her) I don't know... (he collects himself) One of us has to be here in case Arbogast's on the way. (a warm smile) Contemplate your... panic button. He hurries down to the street door and out. Arbogast? He didn't come back here? No Arbogast. No Bates. And only the old lady at home... (frowning) A sick old lady unable to answer the door... or unwilling. In a hurry. (interrupting) Yes. I think he would have. Lila goes quiet. Sam starts toward the back room, pauses at the doorway, turns. Lila has remained by the door, looking out at the street. She feels his pause, turns, and for a moment they share at each other across the darkened room. Let's go see Al Chambers. He's the Deputy Sheriff around here. As he starts forward. Our Deputy sleeps. Nothing.  Just... all the lights out... must be asleep. Sorry, Mrs. Chambers. I hate bothering you... We have a problem. I don't know where to start... (a look at Lila) Except at the beginning. (to Sheriff) This is Lila Crane, from Phoenix. She's been here for a few days, looking for her sister. There's a private detective helping... and, well, we got a call tonight, from Yes. He traced her to that motel, out on the old highway... No. An old woman, his mother. (to Sheriff, quickly) That was early this evening. And we haven't seen or heard from him since. I went out to the motel, just got back. No one was in the office, and... They thought she'd be coming to me. Yes. (interrupting) Everyone concerned thought... if they could get her to give back the money... they could avoid involving her with the police. He was out when I was there. If he's back he probably isn't even in bed yet. I've only been here five. Right now it feels like ten, but... (faint irony) Was that all? You mean that old woman I saw sittin' in the window wasn't Norman Bates' mother? I'd know the difference between Mary and an old woman. Yes! In the house behind the motel. I pounded and called but she... just ignored me. We thought, if you didn't mind, we'd go out to the motel with you. (To Sheriff, not a question) You didn't find anything. No mother. Maybe I am the seeing-illusions type. Neither will Of course we will. Where'd you go to college? (Almost to himself) She was willing to lick the stamps. Lila looks quizzically at him, is too concerned to pursue We were going to get married. Are going to get married! This is the old highway. Watch your tenses. She always tries to be proper. Sam slows the truck to a stop, sighs, starts to light up a cigarette. Lila looks questioningly and impatiently at him. I'm going with you. But we'd better decide what we're going to say and do when we walk in... You won't believe it... (Starts motor) But this will be the first time I've ever pulled one of those man- and-wife-renting-cabin capers! (Unconsciously whispering) I wonder where Norman Bates does his hermiting? (Cheerfully) Just coming up to ring for you. We'd hoped to make it straight to San Francisco, but we don't like the look of that sky. Looks like a bad day coming... doesn't it. Norman walks past Sam, giving him the sort of quick, disapproving glance one gives a man who is obviously lying, Better sign in first, hasn't we? Sam eyes scan the counter, looking for a registration book. (Interrupting with a friendly cheerfulness) Uh, uh! My boss is paying for this trip... ninety percent business... and he wants practically notarized receipts. I better sign in and get a Haven't any. First time I've seen it happen. (to Lila) Check in any place in this country without bags, and you have to pay in advance. Sam smiles as if at a funny remark, takes a bill out of his That receipt...? Norman goes reluctantly behind counter, lays down the key to cabin twelve, takes a receipt book out of the drawer under counter, starts to write. Lila steps up to the desk, picks up the key, quickly, starts out. (To Norman, who is following) Don't bother yourself... we'll find I'm glad we didn't. He pulls his eyes from the bed, crosses to the desk, sits wearily, lights a cigarette. Lila watches him for a moment, feels a real compassion, goes to the bed, sits on its edge, turns again and looks at Sam's back. I know. How could we prove... (An almost hopeless laugh) Well, if he opens a new motel on the new highway... say, a year from now... What makes you sound so certain? We'll start with Cabin One. He goes to the door, opens it slightly, looks out, then, back to If he sees us... we're just taking the air. Lila goes to the door. He holds it open and she goes out. Sorry. What? (Reminding) Bates never denied Mary was here. Do we simply ask him where he's hidden it? You can't go up there. Bates. Wait a minute. If you get anything out of the mother... (Recovering) Yes, matter of fact. (The friendly grin) The wife's taking a nap and... I can never keep quiet enough for her... Fine. Sam starts into the office. Just before going in, he glances down the long porch, sees Lila standing outside the door of cabin twelve, waves her a tiny \"all clear\" signal. (Cheerfully, as if after a self-conscious pause) I've been doing all the talking so far, haven't I always thought it was the people who are alone so much who do all the talking when they get the chance. Yet there you are, doing all the listening! (Lightly) Just an expression... (More seriously) What I meant was... I'd do just about anything... to get away.  Wouldn't you? I'm not saying you shouldn't be contented here, I'm just doubting that you are. I think if you saw a chance to get out from under... you'd unload this place... And now that your mother's dead? Norman snaps a sharp, fast, ugly look at him. (Softly) I didn't think so. (Pressing) You look frightened. Have I been saying something frightening? I've been talking about your mother... about your motel. How are you going to do it? Buy a new one! In a new town! Where you won't have to hide your mother! ...Forty thousand dollars! I bet your mother knows where the money is. And what you did to get it. And I think she'll tell us. Something self-assured and confident in Sam's tone gives Norman a new, more terrified alarm. He turns his head, glances out the window at the old house. He looks back at Sam and (quietly) It's regular. Okay? (to Lila) Want to? Why was he... dressed like that?", "MARY": "I better get back to the office. These extended lunch hours give my boss excess acid. She rises, goes to the bureau, takes a pair of small earrings out of her bag, begins putting them on, not bothering or perhaps not wanting to look at herself in the mirror. Sam (soft sarcasm) What do I do with my free afternoon, walk you to the airport? Checking out time is three (interrupting) When you're married you can do a lot of things deliberately. Sam! I've lost my girlish laughter. (a meaningful quiet, then, with This! Meeting you in secret so we can be... secretive! You come down here on business trips and we steal lunch hours and... I wish you wouldn't even come. (about to argue, then turning away) I haven't time to argue. I'm a working girl. It is tragic! Or it will be... if we go on meeting in shabby hotels whenever you can find a tax-deductible excuse for flying down deductible here... Can you? (having to smile) You couldn't be a criminal if you committed a major crime. (pulling away) I have to go, Sam. No. We can see each other, we can even have dinner... but respectably, in my house with my mother's picture on the mantel and my sister helping me broil a big steak for three! Sam! No! You make respectability sound... disrespectful. (a smile) I pay, too. They also pay who meet in hotel rooms. I haven't even been married once yet! (smiling, then with a terrible urgency) Sam, let's go get married. (a deep desperation) I'll lick the stamps. He looks at her, long, pulls her close, kisses her lightly, looks out the window and stares at the wide sky. I'm thinking of it. (picking up handbag, starting for door) Don't miss your plane. (at door) I'm late... and you have to put your shoes on. Mary goes out quickly, closing door behind her. As Sam stares down at his shoeless feet, Isn't Mr. Lowery back from lunch? It'll pass. Headaches are like resolutions... you forget them soon as they stop hurting. Were there any calls? Not inordinately. (puts deed copy into Cassidy's too-close hand) The copies. Mr. Lowery, if you don't mind, I'd like to go right on home after the bank. I have a slight... A headache. I don't need pills... just sleep. She goes to the door. Yes. (because he seems to be awaiting an (a faint edge of defensiveness) Yes. As I said, I couldn't keep my eyes... I didn't intend to sleep all night! I just pulled over... have I broken any laws? Then I'm free to go...? Of course not! Am I acting as if... something's wrong? Please... I'd like to go... Is there what? (not waiting for an answer) I've told you there's nothing wrong... except that I'm in a hurry and you're taking up my time... I'm sorry. (jamming down the brake) Now what? The Patrolman gazes at her a moment, Why? (glancing up, thrown for a moment) What? (interrupting) Can I trade in my car and take another? Yes, it's... nothing wrong with it, I'm just... No. Thank you. I'm in... a hurry. I just want to make a change and start... She stops suddenly, almost with a gasp. She has seen the Patrolman. How much? It looks fine. How much will it be, with my car...? Of course not. Please. Five hundred. I think I have the necessary papers. Is there a Ladies Room... (interrupting) But what?  Is there anything so terribly wrong about... making a decision and wanting to hurry? Do you think I've stolen... my car? (handing him the ownership papers and the new bills) I'd like to be ready when he gets back. (as Mechanic reaches car) Just put it right in here, please... beside me. The Mechanic smiles, throws the suitcase in. Mary zooms off. As she drives out of lot we see the Mechanic, the Car Dealer (not really a question) You have a vacancy? I thought I'd gotten off the main... (glancing at newspaper sticking out of her handbag) Los Angeles. She realizes he didn't ask her to tell him, merely to write it down. She smiles, writes Los Angeles beside the false I want sleep more than anything. Except maybe, food. Am I that close to Fairvale? The bathroom. Thank you, Mr. Bates. I have? Thank you. Again. No. I'd like to. I've caused you some trouble. (looking at the tray) You shouldn't have bothered. I really don't have that much of an appetite. Norman flinches, realizing she has heard his mother's reference to Mary's appetite. You're very... kind. You'd know, of course. It's a strange hobby. Curious, I mean. A man should have a hobby. (after a pause, softly) Is your time so empty? You go out... with friends? Only my share.  Sometimes we deliberately step into those traps. You should... mind it. (Staring at him, shaking her head softly.) If anyone ever spoke to me, the way I heard... The way she spoke to you, I don't think I could ever laugh She sounded strong... (Critically) Except you. Why don't you go away? No, not like me. (Slowly, carefully) Wouldn't it be better if you put her in... someplace... She hesitates. Norman turns, slowly, looking at her with a striking coldness. I'm sorry... I didn't mean it to sound uncaring... I am sorry. I only felt... it seemed she was harming you. I meant... (After a long thoughtful pause) Yes, and just one time can be enough. (Rises) Thank you. I'm very tired. And I'll have a long drive tomorrow. All the way back to Phoenix. I stepped into a private trap back there -- and I want to go back and... try to pull myself out. (Looking close at Norman) Before it's too late for me, too. I'd like to, but... Very early. Dawn. Crane. Good night. She goes out of the parlor. We see her, from Norman's viewpoint, as she crosses the small office, goes out into", "CUT TO:": "                      ", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "CAROLINE": "You got aspirins? I have something... not aspirins, but (cheerfully takes bottle of pills out of desk drawer) my mother's doctor gave these to me Teddy called.  Me... And my mother called to see if Teddy called. Oh, and your sister called to say she's going to Tucson to do some buying and she'll be gone the whole weekend and... (staring at the money) I declare! He was flirting with you. I guess he noticed my wedding ring. Mary has put one bundle into a large envelope and takes the other from Caroline. When the bills are away, she puts the filled envelope in her handbag, notices the remaining deed copies on her desk, picks them up, goes to the private office Aren't you going to take the pills? (as Mary shakes her head) They'll knock that headache out.", "CASSIDY": "Wow! Hot as fresh milk! You girls should get your boss to air-condition you up. He can afford it today. Lowery flashes an embarrassed smile at Mary, tries to lead Cassidy toward the private office. Tomorrow's the day! My sweet little girl... (laughs as Mary looks up at him) Not you, my daughter!  A baby, and tomorrow she stands up there and (ignoring Lowery) You know what I do with unhappiness? I buy it off! You unhappy? I'm buying this house for my baby's wedding present. Forty thousand dollars, cash! Now that ain't buying happiness, that's buying off unhappiness! That penniless punk she's marryin'... I never carry more than I can afford to lose! (closer to Mary) Count 'em! So what? It's my private money! (laughs, winks, elbows Lowery) And now it's yours. (whispering) I don't! That's how I'm able to keep it! (laughs) Speakin' of feeling good, where's that bottle you said you had in your desk... (laughs, as if having given away Lowery's secret) Honest. I can keep any private transaction a secret... any pri.... (stopped by Mary's cold gaze) Lowery! I'm dyin' of thirstaroonie! Lowery starts after him, pauses, turns to Mary. Cassidy has You go right home!  Me and your boss are going out to get ourselves a little drinkin' done! (to Lowery) Right? You need a week-end in Las Vegas... playground of the world! (to Lowery) Only playground that beats Las Vegas! Mary goes back out into the outer office, closes door.", "LOWERY": "Come on, Tom, my office is air- conditioned. (shocked, worried) Tom... cash transactions of this size! Most irregular... (hastily interrupting) Suppose we just put this in the safe and then Monday morning when you're feeling good... (quietly) I don't even want it in the office over the weekend. Put it in the safe deposit box, at the bank, Mary. And we'll get him to give us a check on Monday - instead. (to Mary) Of course. You feeling ill?", "LOWERY (O.S.)": "Come in.", "During this:": "", "DISSOLVE:": "", "PATROLMAN": "(startled) Hold it there! Mary slams down on the brake, tries to pull herself together. The Patrolman raps again, less gently. Reluctantly, Mary rolls down the window. The Patrolman studies her for a moment. In quite a hurry. You slept here all night? (mere concern) There are plenty of motels in this area. You should have... I mean, just to be safe... No, m'am. (a pause) Is anything wrong? (almost a smile) Frankly, yes. Is there? In the course of my duty, I never \"take up\" anyone's time, whether it's to give a warning, or a ticket, or help! Believe that, M'am. (a little softer) Now if you woke up on the wrong side No need to apologize... Mary starts the car, her face turned as if she wishes the matter were all settled and the Patrolman had already gone. The Patrolman isn't exactly one of those civil servants who demands a thank-you, but he does feel her manner is a bit too abrupt. He Wait a minute! May I see your license? Please. Mary pulls her handbag up from the floor, where she'd placed it when she stretched out for sleep. She puts her hand in it, rummages for her wallet, cannot find it. The Patrolman is staring at her. She glances at him nervously, pokes in her bag a bit more, sighs, realizes she'll have to", "CAR DEALER": "With you in a second! Mary nods, starts walking along the line of cars as if making a selection. Her eye is caught by the iron newspaper stand on the corner, just outside the lot. She stares at the papers, turns away, as if what she is fearing would have to be impossible, then, having to satisfy I'm in no mood for trouble! (cheerfully) There's an old saying, \"First customer of the day is always the most trouble!\" But like I said, I'm in no mood for it so I'm just going to treat you so fair and square you Sick of the sight of it! (laughs) Well, suppose you look around for something that strikes your eyes and meanwhile I'll have my mechanic give yours the once over and... want some One thing people never ought to be when they're buying a used car is in a hurry! (starting away toward her car) But like I said, too nice a day for That's the one I'd've picked for you myself! Go ahead! Spin it around the block. Now I know you don't know anything about engine condition, but you can feel, can't you... and it's all in the feel, believe me, you feel that one around the block... You mean you don't want the usual day and a half to think it over? (laughs) You are in a hurry! Somebody chasin' you? Well... heck, this is the first time I ever saw the customer high-pressure the salesman! (laughs, sees she is in no mood for it) I'd figure roughly... Aha! Always got time to argue money, huh...? (slowly) I take it... you can prove that car's yours... I mean, out of state and all... got your pink slip and your... In the building ... (indicates, continues to stare quietly) Mary starts for the building, glancing once in the direction of the Patrolman. (too cheerfully) I think you'd better give it a trial spin. Don't want any bad word of mouth about California Charlie. I'll be perfectly honest with you, Ma'am. It's not that I don't trust you, but... No, M'am. I was only about to say, I've sent my mechanic out to give your car a little test... that's all. Okay. If you'll come along... He starts toward the office building. Mary follows, closely, anxiously. She glances,", "MECHANIC": "Hey! Miss? Mary pauses, turns, sees the Patrolman, then the Mechanic. Her face goes white. She doesn't know which man called her.", "PATROLMAN'S VOICE": "Acted like one. Mary blinks, shakes her head, as if trying to shake away these voices of her imagination. She checks the rear-view mirror.", "EXT. HIGHWAY": "The sight of a police car. As she drives past, we hear the squeaky, unintelligible voice coming over the car radio. Mary zooms down on the gas, whizzes ahead. Now we cut to the view of the road, from Mary's viewpoint. Darkness of evening is coming. In the dim twilight we see the neon sign of roadside restaurants and gas stations beginning to blaze on. We cut again to the highway. The first oncoming headlights slash at the windshield. It is completely dark now, night.", "CAROLINE'S VOICE": "Yes, Mr. Lowery. No, Mr. Lowery... but then she's always a bit late on Monday mornings. I called her sister, Mr. Lowery, where she works, the Music Makers Music Store, you know? And she doesn't know where Mary is any more than we do. Her sister's going to do that.  She's as worried as we are. A flush of painful guilt and regret rises up in Mary's face. She closes her eyes for one tight swift moment.", "LOWERY'S VOICE": "Buzz me the minute she comes in. Again Mary shakes her head, forces herself to stop hearing these \"invented\" scenes of her imagination. Call her sister! If no one's answering at the house.... You better run out to the house. She may be... unable to answer the phone... No! I haven't the faintest idea.  As I said, I last saw your sister when she left this office on Friday... she said she didn't feel well and wanted to leave early and I said she could. And that was the last I saw... After all, Cassidy, I told you... all that cash... I'm not taking the responsibility... Oh, for heaven's sake, a girl works for you for ten years, you trust her! All right, yes, you better come over. Hold on, Cassidy... I still can't believe... it must be some kind of a mystery... I can't...", "again:": "", "CASSIDY'S VOICE": "(undrunk, sharp with rage) Well I ain't about to kiss off forty thousand dollars! I'll get it back and if any of it's missin' I'll replace it with her fine soft flesh!", "MARY'S VIEWPOINT": "An almost undiscernible light in the far distance, a neon sign blurred by the rain-sheeted windshield.", "NORMAN": "Dirty night. (simply, almost cheerfully) We have twelve vacancies. Twelve cabins, twelve vacancies. (a pause) They moved away the highway. I knew you must have. No one stops here anymore unless they do. He is behind the counter now, pushing forward the registration book. But it's no good dwelling on our losses, is it.  We go right ahead lighting signs and following the formalities...  Would you sign, please. Mary has placed her handbag on the counter. She takes the Your home address. Oh, just the town will do. Cabin One. It's closer in case you want anything... right next to the office. There's a big diner about ten miles on up... just outside Fairvale. Fifteen miles. I'll get your bags. He goes to door, opens it. The rain has slowed down considerably. He smiles at this fact, as if to communicate some pleasure he finds in it. Mary follows him to the door, goes out on the porch, waits and watches as Norman runs to her car, gets in, drives it to the parking space in front of Stuffy in here. (turns to her) Well... the mattress is soft and there're hangers in the closet and... stationary with \"Bates' Motel\" printed on it in case you want to make your (quickly, starting to leave) I'll be in the office if you want anything... just tap on the wall. Norman Bates. He pauses at the door, gazes at her. She smiles. You have something most girls never have. There's no name for it... But it's something that, that puts a person at ease. (not really a question) You're not going to go out again and drive up to that diner, are you? Then will you do me a favor? (without waiting for her response) Will you have supper here?  I was just about to, myself... nothing more than some sandwiches and a lot All right, you get your dresses hanging out and... change those wet shoes, and I'll come for you soon as it's ready... (starts out) ...with my trusty umbrella. Mother... (a hollow little laugh, an attempt at sardonic humor) ...what is the phrase... \"she isn't herself today\"... I think that's it. I'm sorry. I wish... people could apologize for other people. It might be nicer... warmer in the office. Without waiting for approval or disapproval, he turns, hurries to the office. Mary looks after him, her face showing amused sympathy, then follows. Eating in an office... (a rueful smile) ...to officious, even for me. I have the parlor behind this... if you'd like. Mary nods. Norman walks on, behind the counter and into the Please sit down. On the sofa. As Norman goes about spreading out the bread and ham and pouring the milk, we follow Mary across the room. She studies the birds as she walks, briefly examines a bookcase stacked with books on the subject of \"Taxidermy.\" It's all for you. I'm not hungry. Please go ahead. Mary begins to eat, her attitude a bit tense. She takes up a small slice of ham, bites off a tiny bite, nibbles at it in the manner of one disturbed and preoccupied. Norman gazes at her, at the tiny bite she has taken, smiles You eat like a bird. Not really. I hear that expression, that one eats \"like a bird,\" is really a falsie, I mean a falsity, because birds eat a tremendous lot. Uncommon, too. It's not as expensive as you'd think. Cheap, really. Needles, thread, sawdust .. the chemicals are all that cost anything. (He goes quiet, looks disturbed) It's more than a hobby... sometimes... a hobby is supposed to pass the time, not fill it. Oh, no! (forcing brightness again) I run the office, tend the cabins and grounds, do little chores for mother... the ones she allows I might Friends? Who needs friends. (Laughs, then with gallows humor) A boy's best friend is his mother. (Stops laughing) You've never had an empty moment in Where are you going? I don't mean to pry... What are you running away from? No. People never run away from anything. I was born in mine. I don't mind it anymore. Oh I do... but I say I don't. (Laughs boyishly) (Controlled resentment) Sometimes when she talks that way to me I'd like to... curse her out and leave her forever! I mean... ill. A son is a poor substitute for a lover. (Turns away as if in distaste of the word) To a private island, like you? It's too late for me. And besides... who'd look after her? She'd be alone up there, the fire would go out... damp and cold, like a grave. When you love someone, you don't do that to them, even if you hate them. Oh, An Institution? A madhouse?  People always call a madhouse \"someplace.\" (Mimicing coldly) Put her in Someplace! (The coldness turning to tight fury) What do you mean about caring?  Have you ever seen one of those places? Inside? Laughing and tears and cruel eyes studying you... and my mother (High fury now) Well? You meant well?  People always mean well, they cluck their thick tongues and shake their heads and suggest so very delicately that... The fury suddenly dies, abruptly and completely, and he sinks (Quietly) I've suggested it myself. But I hate to even think such a thing.  She needs me... and it isn't... (Looks up with a childlike pleading (Cheerfully, correcting) Thank you, Norman. You're not going to... to your room already? Phoenix? (Looking at her) Why don't you stay a little while, just for talking. Alright. I'll see you in the morning. I'll bring you breakfast.  What time will you... Alright, Miss... (He has forgotten her name) That's it. (He frowns, as if bothered by not being able to match the name to the memory of the name in the He turns his face away, quickly, resentfully. In his face we see anger and anguish. And then resolve. Quickly, precisely, he rehangs the picture over the hole in the wall, turns, starts out of the parlor. We see him go through the office and out onto the porch, not even bothering to close the door behind him. We see Norman shake his hands free of the water, then turn to the job of cleaning the bathroom. He places the pail in the tub, runs water into it, dips the mop in, swabs the tile floor. With a towel he wipes off the wall over the tub and the edges and sides of the tub and even the shower curtain rod. Then he takes a second towel We see the relief in his face. He looks at the car. More than two-thirds of it have already sunk into the swamp. The trunk alone seems to hold poised above the sand and slime, as if refusing to go the rest of the way. Norman begins to panic, he steps dangerously close, pushes with his foot. And slowly the car sinks, until finally it is gone and we hear (shoving sock in his pocket) I always forget to put the sign on, but we do have vacancy. (Cheerfully) Twelve in fact. Twelve cabins, twelve I don't really forget the sign, it just doesn't seem... any use. (Points) This used to be the main highway. (Starts for office) Want to register, please? No trouble. Today's linen day. I change all the beds once a week, whether they've been used or not... dampness. I hate the smell of dampness. (Opening office door) You out to buy a motel? (forcing a smile) I didn't think the police went searching for people who weren't in trouble. Oh. He waits a moment, then opens closet, starts counting out sheets and pillow cases, keeps his back to Arbogast. Arbogast takes a photograph out of his pocket, talks as he crosses to Norman. No. No one has stopped here in weeks... Committing myself to what? You sure talk like a Policeman. No. At least I don't recall. (interrupting) I don't even bother with guests registering any more... I mean, little by little, you drop the formalities. (more relaxed, because Arbogast is listening The vacancy sign. Just in case. We had a couple the other night, said if the sign hasn't been on they'd have thought this was an old deserted mining town or something. What? I didn't lie to you. I just have trouble keeping track of... time. Arbogast has reached him, the picture extended. Norman looks dutifully at it. It was raining and her hair didn't look like that... damped out, I guess. She arrived kind of late, wet and hungry and she was very tired and went right to bed and left early. Very early. Dawn. The following morning. Sunday. No. No. No! Of all... She was tired. She said she had a long drive ahead of her, in the morning... Yes, now I'm remembering very clearly because I'm picturing. When you make a picture of the moment in your mind, you can remember every What do you mean? Oh. My private parlor. She had an awful hunger... so I made her some supper. And then she went to bed and left in the morning. I didn't even see her leave. Cash. Why should she? I'm sorry, I have work to do, Mr... if you don't mind... I don't know what you expect me to know about... people come and go... Not at all! (as if pleasantly exasperated) Look, if you won't believe me, go ahead. You can help me make beds if you like. (laughs, shakes his Change your mind? Arbogast does not reply. Norman becomes apprehensive, starts to Arbogast, forcing himself to remain calm and cheerful. I guess I've got one of those faces you can't help believing. I live there. Alone. My mother. Arbogast turns, gazes seriously at him. She's... ill. Confined to her room. It's practically living alone. Of course not. Now, look...! I'm not a fool! And I'm not capable of being fooled! Not even by women! (disturbed now) That's all right. maybe she could have fooled me.  But... (a rueful smile) She didn't fool my mother. No. I told you, she's confined... No! Just no!  I have one of those breaking points like any other man, believe it or not, and I'm near it. There's just so much pushing I can take and I think... (Coming forward) I suppose you want a cabin. I'll take you to... It isn't necessary. I'll get your bags. (after a stare) I'll show you the cabin. As he starts for the door, Sam laughs. Norman stops, turns, looks at him. Ten dollars... Norman returns to Sam, takes the extended bill, is about to start out again. Looking for me? Satisfied with your cabin? Yes. (Angrily) This place! This isn't 'a place.' It's my only world. I grew up in that house back there. I was a happy child. My mother and My mother is not dead! I don't know what you've been saying. Do what? Shut up! Leave me alone! Leave me alone! He is close to panic now. He turns, swiftly, dashes back into his private parlor. Sam goes quickly around the counter, follows. Where's that girl? The girl you came with! Where is she? Sam does not respond, smiles a half-smile, turns to examine a stuffed owl. Norman looks back at the house.  His face is contorted. He wears a wild wig, a mockery of a woman's hair. He is dressed in a high-neck dress which is similar to that worn by the corpse of his mother. His hand is raised high, poised to strike at Lila. There is a long breadknife in it.", "WOMAN'S VOICE": "No! I tell you no! Mary walks slowly to the window, realizing that the terrible voice is coming from the house behind the cabins. I won't have you bringing strange young girls in for supper... (an ugly, sneering note creeps into the voice) ...by candlelight, I suppose, in the And then what? After supper, music? Whispers? (mimicking cruelly) Mother, she's just a stranger! (hard, cruel again) As if men don't desire strangers, as if... oh, I refuse to speak of disgusting things because they disgust (pause) Go on, go tell her she'll not be appeasing her ugly appetite with my food... or my son! Or do I have to tell her, cause you don't have the", "NORMAN'S VOICE": "Mother, please... Mother, she's just a stranger... hungry, and the weather's bad... (blurted cut fury and shame) Shut up! Shut up! There is the Mother! Oh God, what... blood, blood... mother...! We cannot entirely distinguish these exclamations. After a moment or two of silence, Norman emerges from the front door, dashes down the path toward the motel. Please, mother... (Rising now, anxiously) They'll come now, Mother. He came after the girl and now someone will come after him! How long do you think you can go on... Mother, please, just for a few days, just so they I'll carry you, mother. Norman comes out of the room, his mother held in his arms, her head leaning against his shoulder. He carries her down the stairs, along the lower landing to the cellar stairs, and then down those stairs to the basement.", "NORMAN'S VIEWPOINT": "Through the hole we look into Mary's cabin, see Mary undressing. She is in her bra and halfslip. She stoops over a bit, places her hands behind her upper back, begins to unhook her bra. Mary, just slipping into a robe, covering her complete nudity.", "THE SLASHING": "An impression of a knife slashing, as if tearing at the very screen, ripping the film. Over it the brief gulps of screaming. And then silence. And then the dreadful thump as Mary's body falls in the tub.", "REVERSE ANGLE": "The blank whiteness, the blur of the shower water, the hand pulling the shower curtain back. We catch one flicker of a glimpse of the murderer. A woman, her face contorted with madness, her head wild with hair, as if she were wearing a fright-wig.  And then we see only the curtain, closed across the tub, and hear the rush of the shower water. Above the", "CLOSE SHOT": "We see his hands being washed, see the bloodstains being diluted and washed away by the gush of the faucet water.", "FADE OUT:": "", "FADE IN": "", "WOMAN CUSTOMER": "...They tell you what its ingredients are and how it's guaranteed to exterminate any insect in the world, but they do not tell you whether or not it's painless. And I say insect or man, death should always be All I can do is hope if it isn't painless, it's quick! She speaks \"quick\" with a kind of delicious bite, nods happily, goes on out of the store. Sam is now staring apprehensively at Lila.", "LILA": "Sam? Sam Loomis. May I talk to you? I'm Mary's sister. (quickly) Is Mary here? Sam is mystified, and is also aware of the worried, hostile expression on Lila's face. He studies her for a quiet moment. Behind them is a display of various size carving knives. I want to know if my sister is here. With you. I don't know where. In your store, somewhere in your town... anywhere. Don't you know? As Sam is about to speak, the Woman Customer comes sailing past, speaking as she goes and wearing a satisfied smile. To begin with, where Mary is. Do you? Last Friday. She left work, and home... I was in Tucson over the weekend... I haven't heard from her, not even a phone call. A good reason, I suppose. Mr. Loomis, you're so busy being defensive that you haven't even reacted to the most serious fact of all. Mary is missing. What do you know about it? Look, if you two are in this thing together, I don't care, it's none of my business... But I want to see Mary. I want her to tell me she's all right and it's none of my business. Then I'll go back to Phoenix Huh?  Yes. Not that kind... (Almost a smile) You men and your egos. I don't know. She was supposed to bank it, on Friday, for her boss. She didn't. And no one has seen her since. Sam, they don't want to prosecute, they just want the money back. It was all in cash... Sam, if she's here... (wearily) Not even a hunch. Just hope. (anxiously) I don't care if you do or... I want to see Mary... before she gets in any deeper... (a thoughtful pause) Yes... I just... did. The moment they told me... I just listened... and believed everything they told me. 'She stole the money.' 'We don't want to get her in trouble.' 'No don't bring the police in'... No. The man whose money she... he talked so loud and fast, and I ought to call the police right now! Why not? Sam, is she hiding here? Are you two planning to go away with the money? She haven't even called you? I need to... I need to believe something. This is the first time I've ever come up against anything I couldn't... understand. No. I just think... anything can be explained. But Mary, doing a thing like this... I don't know how to handle...   (considers, (unable to keep up small talk) Sam. He said an hour. Or less. Are we just going to go on sitting here? You have an awfully nice habit, Sam. Whenever I start contemplating the panic button, your back straightens up and your eyes get that God-looks- out-for-everybody look and... I feel better. (a pause - then she rises) Where's the old highway? Patience doesn't run in our family. Sam, I'm going out there! An hour! Or less! Sam stares at her, frowns in concern over her very real anxiety, goes to the phone, dials operator. Sam! Why call when we can go? Sam, I'm going. (nervously) Just wait here? (worriedly) Sam. Where could he have gone? Without calling me? Sam, he called me when he had nothing definite, nothing but a dissatisfied feeling. Don't you think he'd have called if he had anything... Who's he? Well? (a small exasperation) Does that mean we can't... No, thank you. It's my problem, too. Yes. (interrupting, anxiously) Will you help us? I think something's wrong out there! She left Phoenix a week ago yesterday. And no trace until... Yes. (a look at sam, Forty thousand dollars. Mary had been there, one night, and had left. He didn't mention the money. (anxiously) What he said on the phone isn't important, is it?  He was supposed to come back after he spoke to the mother, and he didn't! That's what I Go out there! Find somebody, ask some questions! (a pause) I'm sorry if I seem over-anxious to you. I keep thinking... something's wrong. I have to know what! He said he was dissatisfied... and was going back. All right! Then call! At least, call! Mrs. Chambers goes to phone, dials operator. Please! And he didn't go back? Didn't see the mother? The Sheriff looks long at Lila, shakes his head sympathetically. Yes. It must've been. Arbogast said so, too... and he said the young man wouldn't let him see her because she was ill! The Sheriff stares at both of them, and when he finally speaks there is an almost inaudible tone or irony in his voice. I still feel... I don't know. You're not. Sam takes her arm, starts walking her up the street toward the spot where his pick-up truck is parked. I won't feel satisfied unless I got out there, Sam. I wonder if we'll ever see Mary again. Alive. Sam looks as if he'd like to say something humorous, something to cheer her. He cannot. He remains silent. We lived together all our lives. When we woke up one morning and found ourselves orphans, Mary quit college and got a job, so I could go to college. I didn't. I got a job, too. I wonder so many things about her now.  Why she never told me about you...  Funny, when you think there's an answer to everything, you think you know all the answers. Do you know how I found out about you? I found one of your letters... it was a nice letter, Sam. I suppose... when you were able to marry her she'd have presented you, all shiny and proper... she always tried to be proper. Huh? You going to wait here for me? We're going to register. As man and wife. And get shown to a cabin... and then search every inch of that place, inside and... outside.  Someone was at that window. I saw the curtain move. Sam takes Lila's arm. I'll start ahead. Norman looks up, gazes her as she goes out door. We should have asked for Cabin One... The one Mary was in. We have to go into that cabin and search it, Sam... no matter what we're afraid of finding and no matter how much it may hurt.  There must be some proof that exists right now! Something that proves he got that money away from Mary... Some way! Arbogast! Sam, he liked me... or felt sorry for me... and he was starting to feel the same about you. I heard it when he called... in his voice, a caring. He wouldn't have gone anywhere or done anything without Hospital clean. The bathroom. Look at how clean it is. The one in our cabin is clean... but this is clean! Sam goes in, glances around, nods. Lila goes through the medicine cabinet, finds nothing but a glass and two tiny tabs of soap. Sam leans against the door-jamb, looks at the That's proof Mary was here!  It would be too wild a coincidence for somebody else to... (Reminded) Yes. Sam, that old woman, whoever she is. I think she told Arbogast something! And I want her to tell us the same thing! She starts out of the bathroom. Sam takes hold of her arm, stops her. Why not?  Mrs. Bates...? Lila goes into the room. Close on her face. She is dumb-struck. Her eyes are screaming. (ruefully) I could stand something regular. Sam smiles encouragingly, hands her the coffee. Sheriff Chambers No. I'm all right. I'll feel better when all this is explained... if it can be. Sam looks a question at Sheriff Chambers. Chambers shrugs doubtfully. (With difficulty) Did he kill my sister? But my sister is...", "SUMMERFIELD": "You want to see Sam? (yelling toward back room) Sam! Lady wants to see you! Lila looks to the back room. The woman customer goes on worriedly examining the fine print of the insecticide can. Sam comes to the door of his room, pauses, looks at Lila a", "ARBOGAST": "Let's all talk about Mary. Wouldn't have been able to tail you if you did. Money. There is a moment's silence and then, unable to tolerate the sudden frightening happenings, Sam explodes. (Interrupting calmly) Your girl friend stole forty thousand dollars. Sam looks at Arbogast in utter shock and in that state asks one of those seemingly ridiculous questions. (An almost amused smile) Must've needed it. (Looking at Sam) Someone has seen her. Someone always sees a girl with forty thousand dollars. (To Sam) She is your girl friend, isn't she? (Correcting with Cassidy's word) Casharoonie! You came up here on a hunch, Miss Crane? Nothing more? No phone call... from him, or from your sister herself? With a little checking, I could get to believe you. She was seen leaving town in her car. Seen by her very victims, I might add. We're always quickest to doubt people who have a record for being honest. I think she's here, Miss Crane. Where there's a boyfriend... (Trails off, smiles encouragingly) (pleasantly) In the past two days I've been to so many motels, my eyes are bleary with neon. This is the first one that looked like it was hiding from the world at large. Sit down. I don't want to trouble you, just want to ask... I'm looking for a missing person. (takes out and opens wallet and extends it as he speaks) My name's Arbogast, private investigator... I'm not the police. We have reason to believe she came this way... might have stopped in this area... (extends photograph, which Norman doesn't glance at) Look at the picture. Please. Norman glances, briefly, turns away, lifts sheets and pillow cases off the shelf holds them close, almost protectively. She might have used an alias. Mary Crane's the real name, but she might've registered... Now there's a couple even remarking about your sign, and see how easily you forgot them? You thought no one has stopped here in weeks. Now, try to remember if this girl...  Yes sir! Marie Samuels.  Interesting alias. He takes a slip of paper out of his pocket, lays it beside the signature in the registry book, all the while nodding and smiling nicely, as if this discovery will make Norman as happy as it is making him. Don't know where she got \"Marie,\" but \"Samuels\" figures. Her boy friend's name is Sam. (Turns to Norman, the smile gone) Was she in disguise? Or do you want Tell me all about her. How early? Of which morning? No one met her? Or arrived with her. She didn't call anyone? Even locally? You didn't spend the whole night with her did you? How do you know she didn't make a call? Back where? You said she was sitting \"back there,\" or standing rather... How did she pay you? Cash or check? For the cabin... And when she left, she never came back. I do mind. If it don't jell, it ain't aspic! (smiles) This ain't jelling. She isn't still here, is she? Suppose I wanted to search the cabins, all twelve... would I need a warrant? (to Norman, but continuing to stare at the house) Anyone at home? Someone is sitting in that window. (after a pause) If this girl Mary Crane were here, you'd have no reason to hide her would you? If she paid you well? Or if she had you say... gallantly protecting her... you wouldn't be fooled... you'd know she was just using you. Wouldn't you? Your mother met her? (quickly) Can I talk to your mother? Just for a moment. She might have picked up a hint you'd miss. Sick old women are sharp. Come on, I won't disturb... All right! (starts away, toward his car, pauses) Might save me a lot of leg-work if I could just talk to your mother.  But I'd need a warrant for that, won't (into phone) Miss Crane, please. (listens) She leave a number? (listens) Thanks. Bates! He goes over to the door to the parlor and enters. He looks around the bird-ridden room. He stops short as he", "(considers, then:)": "Where... can I stay?", "I?": "Norman does not respond. Arbogast gets in his car, starts the motor. Norman looks up, studies the man's face, his own face showing apprehension. Arbogast backs the car around very slowly, his gaze divided between the old house and the lighted window of Cabin Two. As he turns the car out, his headlights light up the porch.", "INT. STORE": "He pauses halfway down, turns, puts his hands on her arms.", "C.U.": "Among some bathroom fittings a nozzle from a shower falls onto the floor.", "MEDIUM SHOT": "Lila turns and picks if from the floor and puts it back in its place. She turns and again looks to the deserted street with a touch of anxiety. She gives a slight unconscious shiver. From her viewpoint we see Sam alighting from his truck and coming toward the door of the store. He enters. He and Lila exchange quiet glances.", "L.S.": "With", "MRS. CHAMBERS": "Oh? You didn't! (a cross look up at the bell) It's tinkerbell. (a quick smile at Lila) Albert! (a tiny wait, a smile as Sam and Lila enter) Al Chambers! Sam is about to close the door behind him. Mrs. Chambers motions for him not to, scurries across the hall, leans Customers! (to Lila) Let's go out back and have some coca while the men are talking. Mary is Lila's sister? (to the Sheriff) Bates' Motel. (to Lila) He has a mind like a mechanical brain and the more information you feed it... Go on, Sam. (a pleasant shock) Norman took a wife? (to Sheriff) Why don't you call Norman and let him say just what happened, if he give the man a hot lead and he did just scooted off... it'll make the girl feel better, Albert. Recluse. Kinder word. (into phone) Florrie, the Sheriff wants you to connect him with the Bates Motel. She hands the receiver to the Sheriff. He takes it, reluctantly, listens to the dim sound of Arbogast. Barefaced. I helped Norman pick out the dress she was buried in. Periwinkle blue. Norman found them dead together.  In bed. (hopefully, happily) Maybe you saw Mary! He's already been. Have you two had breakfast? It's Sunday. Come over and do the reporting at the house, 'round dinner time. Make it nicer. You too, Sam. She smiles brightly, as if having invited them over to discuss this year's charity fandango, takes the Sheriff's arm, starts away. The Sheriff nods as he goes.", "SHOT.": "", "SHERIFF": "(after a considerate pause) Now. Your sister is missing how long? How'd you and this detective come to trace her to Fairvale? Left Phoenix under her own steam? (a pause) She ain't missing so much as she's run away. From what? And the police haven't been able to... Explains the private detective. He traced her to the Bates place.  What'd he exactly say when he called you? With the forty thousand dollars? Like what? I think something's wrong, too, Miss. But not the same thing. I think your private detective is what's wrong. (As Lila is about to object) I think he got himself a hot lead as At this hour? He wasn't out when you were there. He just wasn't answering the door in the dead of night... like some people do. This fellow lives like a hermit... (to Sam) You must remember that bad business out there. About ten years ago... (into phone) Norman? Sheriff Chambers. (listens) Been just fine, thanks. Listen, we got some worries here. Did you have (into phone) Arbogast. (listens) And after he left? (listens) No, it's okay, Norman. How's it been (into phone) Sorry I got you up, boy. Go back to sleep. Yeah, be glad to. (hangs up, turns to Mrs. Chambers) Said to give you his regards. This detective was out there and Norman told him about the girl and the detective thanked him and went away. You should've called in the police the second you found your sister has skipped. You go starting private investigations, using people you don't even know... Your Detective told you a nakedfaced lie. He told you he wasn't coming right back cause he wanted to question Norman Bates' mother, right? (a pause, then calmly) Norman Bates' mother has been dead and buried in Greenlawn Cemetery for the last ten years! There is a long silence. Sam and Lila stare at the Sheriff. It ain't only local history, Sam, it's the only murder-and-suicide case in Fairvale ledgers! Mrs. Bates poisoned this guy she was... involved with, when she found out he was married, then took a helping of And you want to tell me you saw Norman Bates' mother. Well, if the woman up there is Mrs. Bates... who's that woman buried out at Greenlawn Cemetery? Went out before service. Nothing. Here, let's clear the path. He moves away and the others follow. Just what he told your detective. She used a fake name, saw the register myself. Saw the whole place, as a matter of fact. That boy is alone there. You must've seen an illusion, Sam. Now, I know you're not the seeing- illusion type... But no woman was illusion there and I don't believe in ghosts, so there it is! Can see you do. Sorry I couldn't make you feel better. You want to come to my office this afternoon and report a missing person... And the theft, is what you want to do!  Sooner you drop this thing in the lap of", "MOTHER'S VOICE": "I am sorry, boy, but you do manage to look ludicrous when you give me orders! (Sharp, laughter all gone) No! I will not hide in the fruit cellar! (Mimicking) Just for a few days... (Furious) In that dank fruit cellar? No!  You hid me there once, boy, and you won't do it again! Not ever again!  Now", "FRESH ANGLE": "Close on Sam and Lila as they meet on the porch side of the truck. The motel office and the house beyond can be seen in b.g. of shot. Sam and Lila merely stare for a moment, then turn and gaze up at the house. There is no figure in the window and the shade is drawn. Same goes to the office door, peers in, knocks, opens door, enters. Lila remains on the", "MRS. BATES": "A close of her face, She appears to be watching and enjoying the fight. Over the shot, the", "TELEVISION MAN": "(Indicating the front door he has just come in through) You think they'll take him out that way?", "POLICEMAN": "(Looking at waiting crowd, shrugging) Probably have to.", "ATTORNEY.": "The Coffee Boy stands in the doorway. Sam goes to him, takes a container of coffee from the box, carries it to Lila, checking the notation on the lid as he goes.", "CHAMBERS": "You two can go on home if you like. (a sympathetic look at Lila) Making that statement was enough for one night. If anybody gets any answers, it'll be the fellow talking to him now... the Psychiatrist. Even I couldn't reach Norman... and he knows me. (to Lila) You warm enough, Miss?", "DISTRICT ATTORNEY": "Did he talk to you? Look, if you're trying to lay a lot of psychiatric groundwork for some sort of plea this fellow would like to cop... He's a transvestite!", "SIMON": "No. I got the whole story... but not from Norman. I got it from... his mother. Everyone gazes at him, mystified. He speaks as he removes lid from coffee container. Norman Bates no longer exists. He only half-existed to begin with... now, the other half has taken over. Probably for all time. Yes... and no. A psychiatrist doesn't lay the groundwork .. he merely tries to explain it. Yes. I'm sorry. (to Chambers) The Private Investigator, too. If you drag that swamp somewhere in the vicinity of the motel... (To the Chief of Police) Young girls? (interrupting) As I said, the mother... (Pauses, goes on afresh) To understand it, as I understood it hearing it from the mother...  That is, from the mother-half of Norman's Not exactly. A man who dresses in woman's clothing in order to achieve a sexual change... or satisfaction... is a transvestite.  But in Norman's case, he was simply doing everything possible to keep alive the illusion The swamp. These were murders of passion, not profit. A", "then:)": "Did he confess to...", "POLICE GUARD": "He feels a little chill... can I bring him this blanket? The Chief of Police nods. The Guard goes away, and", "THE SWAMP": "As", "FADE OUT": ""}, "quo vadis.pdf": {"NARRATOR": "The Passion on the Cross was not the end, but the beginning of a new life.", "FADE OUT": "", "FADE IN": "Palatino. Nero's chamber . Petronius stares at Nero.", "PETER": "To Rome! In the distance you can see the Circus.", "VINCICIUS": "Greetings Petronius! May the Gods bring you prosperity!", "PETRONIUS": "If their God really exists, what will become of those who are against Him? The gate on the right opens, revealing the dark abyss of a tunnel . A moment later a huge athletic figure emerges. Ursus enters", "VINICIUS": "God, I trust in you. He closes his eyes and mouths a silent prayer. Ursus sees Lygia hanging limply across the bull's back. He charges towards the bull and extends his hands.", "(CD)": "9.", "VINICIUS (CD)": ". . . to . . . Ligia bends down and with her finger draws the \"Pisces\" symbol in the sand. Vinicius suddenly crouches beside her and when he tries to take her by the hand, but Ligia '^s hand", "VINICIUS (OFF)": "Caesar has accused the Christians of setting fire to Rome! Vinicius, angry, runs into the library.", "EUNICE": "Where you go. Master, there I go.", "PETRONIUS (CD)": "the Plautiuses? What do you say we pay them a visit? After they exit, the slaves pick up all the baskets and bowls and leave. Eunice looks around and when she sees no one is looking she runs up to the statue of Petronius , stands on her toes and", "AULUS PLAUTIUS": "Your uncle, Petronius persuaded Caesar to take Lygia to the Palatine, to his palace.", "POMPONIA": "May the Lord watch over you, daughter. Trust the God and believe that his mercy endures for ever.", "PETRONIUS (OFF)": "It's a pity you do not wish to stay. In my testament I left you all my property.", "HASTO": "On Caesar's orders, Petronius, I bring you death sentence. The camera zooms out from the centurion's face and continues as Petronius and Eunice enter the frame, leaning against each other, their heads touching. When we finally see their faces, they are frozen in a smile,", "HASTO (CD)": "the girl belongs to Caesar. Therefore our divine emperor commands you to hand her over. Plautius turns around and looks at his wife, to whom Lygia is clinging. Next to the women stands the powerfully built", "URSUS.": "", "URSUS": "(warrior' s savage grunt and cry) Uuurrrrrrrah ! The bull starts shaking its head. Ursus tightens his muscles around the bull's neck. The animal pushes back. Ursus plants his feet in the ground, halting the beast's advance and they remain momentarily", "INT_PETRONIUS PALACE_PATIO": "Plautius steps out of his litter and heads into the home of Petronius . On a shaded patio, Vinicius trains with his sword. He stops training at the sight of Plautius. Aulus Plautius and Vinicius stand opposite each other. The commander' s face is drawn in anger.", "ACTE": "Hold your breaths! Caesar is about to sing.", "LYGIA": "My heart is your heart . During this time Peter the Apostle has also entered the room. As he sees them in such a love and community, he approaches them and takes Vinicius'^s right hand and joins it with Lygia' s right hand.", "CROWDS": "Giant! Giant! Giant! Giant! Ursus holds her body up as he moves towards the imperial terrace . The air is filled with the sound of thousands of screaming spectators . Ursus kneels, holding up Lygia, extending her towards Caesar.", "LIGIA": "Let him stay. Let him live.", "NERO": "I can do anything, but you've managed to amaze Petronius himself. Look ! Petronius looks pale and exhausted. He slowly stands up. Now he can be seen standing tall above the others, staring at one point in the arena. He slowly turns his head and looks", "TIGELLINUS": "I had lessons from the best master, Nero.", "VOICES": "Death to Nero! Mother killer! Down with the tyrant ! We know he did this! Assassins! Arsonists! Hang them all! 46.", "POPPEA": "They are your enemies! Punish the arsonists !", "NERON": "Homeless ruler of a homeless people, where will I lay my miserable head this night . . . From beneath the aqueduct, the roaring of the crowd grows louder.", "CROWDLL": "Oh heavenly voice! Our divine Caesar! Redbeard, the greatest poet in the world! Nero looks quizzically at Petronius and then at Tigellinus, then again at Petronius. A boundless self -admiration appears on his face.", "FIRST GUEST": "I wager that Croto will wring his neck ! The fight continues. One of the gladiators wins an advantage, choking his opponent and throwing him to the ground. The winner puts a foot on the back of his foe and crosses", "CROWD": "Arsonist! Murderer! Tyrant! Mother Killer! Despot! Redbeard! Down with Caesar! Nero the murderous dog! Down with tyranny! Tigellinus gazes at the crowd. In the end, he too reluctantly raises his thvimb. Suddenly, the crowd once again", "CHILON": "I swear that the innocent are being killed here. The arsonist of Rome is this one! This man! With his right hand Chilon points at Nero and freezes in that pose. Silence falls. At first single voices are heard, then a growing number of ominous cries rise up from the", "CHILO (OFF)": "Thou art a true philosopher. Master! You hate even the slightest injustice. Eunice shows up in the doorway looking more beautiful than usual . Petronius looks at her in amazement . Vinicius interrupts his staring.", "SPORUS": "The same.", "CHILO": "Murderer of your own mother! Woe to you! It was you who set fire to Rome. And Rome will have its vengeance on you. Your time has passed. He points dramatically at the burning crosses.", "CROTO": "", "VINICUS (OFF)": "Kill me. His voice is full of sorrow.", "CRISPUS (OFF)": "He was lucky; you almost broke his neck, Ursus.", "URSUS (OFF)": "In my former life I killed a lot of people, but back then I did not know Christ .", "LIGIA (OFF)": "Trust in the Lord, Ursus. He knows best why you were born with such strength . And such a great heart . . .", "CRISPUS": "I forgive and ask for forgiveness.", "PAUL.": "", "PAUL": "I bring you salvation.", "FAON": "The divine Poppea wishes to see Tigellinus .", "RUNAWAY": "There '^s no one here! The Christians have left for Ostrianum! He disappears in the smoke. The horse turns around. Its hooves pound on the flagstones of the street as it disappears into the clouds of smoke.", "FIRE": "Nazarius leans over Vinicius and splashes the rider's face with water. Marcus Vinicius opens his heavy eyelids. The sun temporarily blinds him.", "NAZARIUS": "Lygia asks you. Master, to persevere in your love and trust of God. Nazarius raises his eyes towards heaven. The moonlight filters directly onto his face. Suddenly the heavens open with lightning and thunder. The sudden downpour soaks them.", "NAZARIUS (OFF)": "There are caves beyond the gardens of Agrippina. They have taken shelter there. Standing against a wall is a more clearly illuminated Peter the Apostle. He makes the sign of the cross with his hands.", "TYGELLINUS": "They go around the city trying to convince people to turn against Caesar. Nero makes another theatrical gesture.", "EUNICE (OFF)": "Where we are going now, we won't lack anything! The camera goes on, floating, leaving the bodies of the people below and flows over the Petronius Palace gardens. Suddenly, there is a white pigeon taking flight . The camera follows him.", "KRICSOS": ".... That was not prohibited.", "GUARDS.": "", "CENTURION": "She's no longer here. Vinicius grabs him by the shoulder.", "PORTERS": "Make way for the noble Chilo! Make way! Vinicius grabs the edge of the litter and tips it in his direction. Chilon slides across to him, his eyes wide with surprise .", "VOICE": "If you abandon my people, I shall go to Rome to be crucified once again .", "VOICES (OFF)": "Arsonist! Murderer! Tyrant! Mother Killer! Nero the murderous dog! Who set our city on fire?! You burnt my house, you dog! We will have vengeance ! Chamber in Pallatino - the palace of the emperor. Nero is", "EXT_ROME_PANORAMA": "The morning light penetrates to the library. Petronius leans on Eunice' s arm. They sit in the library, next to the window, overlooking the garden, huddled in a beam of sunlight, staring into the distance, motionless . The centurion Hasto stands at the door behind them. Even he does not want to disturb this peace and waits a moment"}, "rocky.php": {"BLACK FIGHTER:": "(to cornerman) ... I'm gonna bust his head wide open! In Rocky's corner he is being assisted by a shriveled, balding", "CORNERMAN:": "(lackluster) ... Ya waltzin' -- Give the suckers some action. (overriding) Ya movin' like a bum -- Want some advice -- Page 2/137 ... Ya want some good advice?", "ROCKY:": "Hey -- ... Just gimme the water. 2. A Absolutely. ... I just want the mouthpiece. The (almost apologetic) I'm a fighter. 4. ...Look who's home. Rocky starts to boil a pan of water on his hot plate, then places an old 45 Real good. Yeah, here an' there. Mr. Gazzo wants the two hundred now! 6. Mr. Gazzo says I should get two hundred or break the thumb. Goin' fishin'? The man drops the hook. What's ya name again? Look, Bob, if ya wanna dance, ya gotta pay the band -- If ya borrow, ya gotta pay the man... Me, I ain't emotionally involved. Rocky's determined expression strikes home.  The fat man (continuing; counting) A hundred an' thirty. That's it? -- Completely? What about for food an' stuff? 7. ... The juice is climbin' every week. Ya still light seventy. ...That's what coulda happened. (walks off.) 8. ... How's the turtle food this week? 9. Me, I'm kinda aggravated. Ain't your fault - Here's the problem. Adrian nods... Though charmed, she is slightly intimidated. Page 10/137 The last food I got here had more moths than flies -- An' the moths get caught in my turtle's throat -- That makes them cough -- The (continuing) Yo, Gloria -- I was talkin' about the turtle food -- Like I was sayin', the moths get caught in the turtle's throat an' makes 'em cough... (continuing) I smack 'em hard on the shell an' they get... What? Shell-shocked! Both the Owner and Adrian smile. 10. Inventin' jokes ain't easy. Rocky steps over to a large cage at the rear of the shop... Inside is a huge dog. Page 11/137 (continuing) How's Butkus this mornin'? Yo, Butkus -- Dead.  Play dead. The dog plays dead. ...What kinda dog is this again? The owner was suppose to pick him up three weeks ago. ... Fine. Gazzo's Bodyguard looks at Rocky's bruised face in the mirror and smiles. Of wa? I figure if I break the thumb this guy gets thrown outta his job and can't pay nothin no more. Page 13/137 The third -- Shoulda seen it. Rocky passes another How come? (continuing) ... These ain't my pictures. A short powerful man of thirty-five enters.  His hair looks like it has been shaped with hedge clippers.  His name is Yo, Mike -- What's happenin' here? Whatta ya talkin' about it ain't my locker no more? You were ready to bite that guy's face. Creed's great. Mike fakes a friendly punch at Rocky and hurries off to another chore... Hey, how ya feelin', Mickey? (low) Yeah. 16. I was talkin' with ya man, Mike. -- Hey, how come I been put outta my locker? ... Tomato? ...What? Come July, twenty-five. 17. Twenty-five, thirty -- What's the difference? -- It took me two months to learn the combination of that locker. Yeah, they're goin', -- that's nature... That was my locker for six years. Yeah, Kayo. Spider Rice. You think everybody I fight is a bum. Listen, I'm gonna take a steam -- Did good last night -- Shoulda seen it. ...No. Yeah, sure. Shrugging, Rocky moves away. (continuing) ... Wow -- cold!  Good night to catch pneumonia. Adrian smiles slightly and moves behind the counter.  Rocky fumbles idly among the pet toys. (continuing) Ah -- I came in here for somethin'... Oh, yeah, would ya like somebody to walk ya home? The girl wants to say yes but a tremendous inferiority (continuing) Hey, how's my buddy doin'? (looks into Butkus' cage) -- Nice dog -- Well, I'll see ya later. Catch pneumonia out there -- Seen Paulie? Andy casually nods towards the men's room. Page 22/137 Yo, Paulie. Yo, Paulie. Your sister's givin' me the shoulder. Every mornin', every night I pass by -- I smile. Yeah, like I was a plate of leftovers -- Somethin' wrong with my face -- Whatta I need, a Caddy to connect with ya sister? Hey -- Don't get mental, man. Ya always in a bad mood -- I'm thirty myself. 22. I don't see no crowd around you, neither. Let's get outta this stink. ... Sure. Absolutely... Paulie smiles and Rocky guides him to a booth... Rocky steps Page 25/137 Clown. He took his best shot an' became champ -- What shot did you ever take? ... No wine -- Bad for ya' brain. No wine. Why? No dollar. (mildly embarrassed) ... That's an old one. Is that Marie? -- Marie, ya brother know you're hangin' out so late? The girl, (awed) What'd you say? Did these guys teach you to talk dirty?  Huh? Page 30/137 What? (shakes her) Don't you never say that -- (to the gang) -- You guys talk like that in front of a little girl -- You guys are scum. Don't ya never come round this girl -- Go home. Pull heat on me? -- I'll dent ya face! Rocky leads the girl away. How come ya wanna hang out with those guys?  They teach ya bad things. Hey!  When I was your age, there was only one girl who talked like that in the whole neighborhood. Make your teeth yella -- Makes your breath like garbage. Nobody likes garbage -- Anyway, this girl with the dirty mouth wasn't bad lookin', Page 32/137 'Cause that's the way guys are -- They laugh when ya talk dirty.  They think ya cute for a while, but then ya getta reputation an' watch out. That doesn't matter -- You don't really have to be a whore, just act like one an' that's it. Yo, a bad reputation -- Twenty years from now people will say 'D'you remember Marie?' 'No, who was she?' 'She was that little whore who hung out at the Atomic Hoagie Shop.' 'Oh, (points down the block) ... That's your house, ain't it? Marie nods. (continuing) Listen, I hope ya don't -- 30. What was I gonna say? Ya, somethin' like that. They exchange smiles and Marie moves away.  Rocky has made an impact on her life. (walks off) ... Yeah, who're you to give advice, Creepo. Next Wednesday I grab a grand from Snyder.  An' Thursday two yards from Cappoli, okay? Ya sure? How'd you know? (dryly) She ain't retarded, she's shy. Does that bum have to say that? The Bodyguard reddens... Gazzo motions to his Bodyguard to relax. 35. He's always in a bad mood. (laughs) Count ya blessin's.  Ya a healthy person -- ya legs work -- ya hands work -- The Bodyguard has been looking at Rocky with murderous eyes. Don't like yours neither. Yeah. Thanks, Mr. Gazzo. Rocky enters his apartment and Gazzo drives off. (mimes throwing) I usta be deadly at half-ball. What kinda business? Maybe another job is the best thing. Gazzo's gotta come to you. Gazzo's gotta come to you -- Hey, Paulie, it's a bad job -- Do what you do now. Ya sister knows I'm comin'? Maybe ya better forget it. ... Yo, Adrian, it's me, Rocky... Ah, ah -- Ah, it's kinda hard for me to think of somethin' to say, y'know -- 'Cause I never talked to a door before, I mean whatta ya (continuing) ... Maybe I better forget it. Ah, Adrian, I know ya ain't too happy at this moment, but would ya do me a favor -- I ain't got nobody to spend Thanksgivin' with -- How 'bout you an' me goin' out -- Get (continuing) We'll have a good time. Paulie opens the front door and gives Rocky an encouraging smile... (continuing) What's ya sister like to do? Page 48/137 I didn't want no turkey anyway. To you, to me it's Thursday. Looks quiet, y'know. I think mebbe we're early or somethin' -- From across the rink a (yells back) Are ya closed to the General Public or to just everybody. 43. Wait here, gotta smooth this guy out. Listen, I gotta problem.  This girl ain't feelin' well, y'know -- The doctor says she should exercise, y'know once in awhile an' ice skatin' is the best thing -- Look at her, ya can see she ain't feelin' good -- needs a few minutes exercise -- ... Ten minutes. ... Yeah, give 'er the Blades. Ain't skated since I was fifteen -- That's when I started fightin' -- gotta watch the ankles.  Yeah, fightin' use to be tops with me, but no more.  All I wanted Hey, I ain't cryin'... I still fight.  Kinda do it like a hobby.  See I'm a natural southpaw an' most pugs won't fight a southpaw 'cause we mess up their timin' an' look Absolutely. I just dislocated my finger. It ain't your fault -- I originally done it in the Baby Crenshaw fight. (opens his wallet) That's me fightin' Big Baby Crenshaw -- Big Baby was the How 'bout some Cokes? This guy is beautiful -- get the Cokes. Adrian does a slight turn and Rocky has to speed up and nearly falls. (continuing) See, I ain't graceful, Page 52/137 (continuing) Y'know how I got started in the fight racket? Yeah -- My ol' man who was never the sharpest told me -- I weren't born with much brain so I better use my body. For the first time, Adrian laughs. (continuing) What's funny? I must be goin' deaf 'cause I thought ya said, 'ten cents.' Rocky hands him a dime. Charge it. Rocky and Adrian start to leave.  Rocky pauses at the door and fishes into his pocket and hands over eleven dollars. (continuing) Had ya goin', didn't Some people are very shy by nature. I would say you're very shy bu nature. Some people think bein' shy is a disease, but it don't bother me. Page 54/137 Then why did I bother bringin' it up?  'Cause I'm dumb, that's why... Y'know, I think we make a real sharp coupla coconuts -- I'm dumb an' you're shy. Ya gotta be a little soft to wanna be a pug... It's a racket where ya' almost guaranteed to end up a bum. ... I'm at least half a bum. Yeah, fightin' is a crazy racket.  The roughest part is the mornin' after. After a rough fight, ya' nothin' but a large wound. Sometimes I feel like callin' a taxi to drive me from my bed to the bathroom... Ya' eyes hurt, ya' ears hurt, ya' hair ... Guess. Would ya like a glass of water? Here's the guys I was tellin' ya about -- This is Cuff an' Link. (very embarrassed) ... Oh, yeah, I bought the whole kit -- Yeah, ya sold me the turtles, the bowl, an' the mountain -- I had to get rid of the mountain 'cause they I had it pulled.  People callin' all the time.  Who needs it -- Who'd you wanna call? D'you really wanna call? You sure? Why? I'll call your brother. Rocky flings open the window and bellows like a foghorn. Page 57/137 (continuing) !!Yo, Paulie -- Ya sister's with me!  I'll call ya later. Rocky closes the window and faces the woman... She is not smiling.  She looks frightened. 50. (continuing) What's the matter?  Ya don't like the room? It's only temporary. What's the problem?  You don't like me -- Don't like the turtles -- What is it? It's okay. It's all right -- You're my guest. (gesturing) They're all the same. Yo, I'm not comfortable either. But I'm willin' to make the best of this uncomfortable situation. Adrian moves to the door... Rocky intercepts her. (continuing; softly) Would ya take off your glasses? The glasses... Please. Rocky removes her glasses and looks deeply into her eyes. Could ya take off that hat. After a moment, Adrian removes the hat... She is becoming rather pretty. (continuing) I always knew you was pretty. I wanna kiss ya -- Ya don't have to kiss me back if ya don't feel like it. Rocky softly kisses the woman... Her arms hang limp.  He puts more passion into the kiss and she starts to respond. Her hand glides like smoke up his back. 'Bout what? Mickey Goldmill steps out of his office... Message -- What message? Mickey pulls out a card from his breast pocket... He hands it to Rocky. Ya puttin' me on? When was they here? 53. Probably lookin' for sparrin' partners. Balboa, Rocky Balboa. The Secretary rises and enters Jergens' office... Rocky eyes the multitude of sporting pictures hanging on all four walls. The Secretary returns. ... Thanks. No -- Just me. Sparrin'? I know ya need sparrin' partners -- I'm very available. Absolutely -- Sparrin' with the Champ would be an honor -- y'know what? I wouldn't take no cheap shots. I'd be a good sparrin' partner. 55. Jergens seems very amused.  He lights a cigar. ... Like I said, I'd make a boss sparrin' mate. Sure, an' I'm smart enough to know that no sparrin' partner should take cheap shots at the Champ.  He's just there to help condition the man. ... Ah... Absolutely. The Feel?  I dunno... Happy. (mind elsewhere) Creed's great, ain't he... I'll do what I can. I thought of it 'bout eight years ago, when I was eatin' dinner. Four hundred -- But that was a long time ago. Listen, I wanna say hi to my girlfriend -- Yo, Adrian! Adrian blushes and laughs. Sure I did.  You heard. They continue to watch the remainder of the interview... The head Why? It don't matter. It don't bother me none. Help what? I'll do okay. See ya tomorrow. Rocky moves down the stairway and continues to do so as he converses with Adrian who remains upstairs.  His (continuing) How'd ya like hearin' ya name on 'Bout seven. Y'know how I said that stuff on television didn't bother me? It did. As Rocky completes the last word, he exits the building and slams the door which Y'know I won't be able to work for ya no more. I feel bad about walkin'. 61. A few bucks. Gazzo takes out a wad and peels off several bills. Do I have to pay juice? Gazzo looks at the Bodyguard and shakes his head as if to imply, \"Why's this guy asking such a foolish question?\" Gazzo and the bodyguard step to the white Caddy parked at the curb.  They enter the cab.  Rocky watches. Gonna try. No action. I'm gonna do somethin with it. Black market? Look who's home! Rocky notices two telegrams laying inside the threshold.  He approaches them with a sense of awe.  He opens and reads one. Settling on the bed, he reads the other. A Hey, Mickey -- Whatta ya doin' here?  Here, sit down. Rocky tosses soiled clothing off a mangled armchair. (continuing) Best seat in the house -- Hey, Mick, this is too much. Page 73/137 I'm usta seein' ya at the gym, but seein' ya here, in my house, it's kinda outta joint. By the manner in which Goldmill listens, it is obvious something important is preying on his mind. Rocky is slightly uncomfortable, almost embarrassed at Yeah. 64. Freak luck for sure. (uneasy) Freak luck is a strange thing. Mickey does not hear.  His attention is drawn to the turtles. Turtles -- domestic turtles. (at a loss) Fifty years, huh. 65. How 'bout a glass of water? (uneasy) ... What? Page 75/137 (softly) Ya got a good mind for dates. Mickey deafly continues, becoming more engrossed every second. Nobody ever said that -- There's his picture. Really think so? Heart, but I ain't got no Tocker. Rocky shifts against the wall and lowers himself into a crouch. ... Ya gave Dipper my locker. The fight's set -- I don't need a manager. I got pain an' experience too. (tightly) Whatever I got, I always got on the slide.  This shot's no different.  I didn't earn nothin' -- I got it on the slide... I needed ya help I asked, but ya never helped nothin'! -- Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance. (panting) ... Tight. ... No. Rocky notices Gazzo's a good man. Keep this job, ya eat better. Paulie opens a jackknife and idly jabs the hanging meat.  He swills whiskey from a pint bottle. Whatta you think? What? 72. Sure I like her. I dunno -- she fills gaps. (shrugs and takes meat) She got gaps.  I got gaps -- together we fill the gaps. Page 83/137 (turns around) Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister. That's why I can't put ya together with Gazzo, cause ya talk too much -- big mouth. Paulie reddens.  He steps forward and slams his fists in a hanging beef. 73. Don't talk dirty 'bout ya sister. Rocky takes the package and runs out.  Paulie's bleary eyes reveal a fearful respect and slight resentment. I never had good footwork. Mike completes the task. ... Sure. (to Mickey) Should I do this? Mickey nods and Rocky faces the glaring lights. ... People talk to me more. (honestly) Apollo's a great fighter. Maybe -- He faces Mickey.  Mickey whispers in his ear. (continuing) I'll tear his head off. Derogatory?  Yeah, he's great. Apollo Creed and his entourage enter the gym. (dumbstruck) Yo', Dipper, why're ya -- They either say, 'Kill the nigger' or 'Hope you die, Honky.' -- What ya got in the bag? Adrian steps to the window.  She pulls a pair of short but lovely curtains from a shopping bag... The colorful curtains Sharp -- Real nice. No... Sharp -- You look great. Adrian smiles and pulls out a small Christmas wreath... Rocky smiles.  His eyes show what he feels for this woman. Adrian, you really look great, y'know -- But I can't fool around durin' trainin' -- makes the legs weak. Can't fool around -- You look very great. Yeah... But I think weak legs ain't bad sometimes, y'know. Rocky approaches in a seductive manner.  Adrian uncharacteristically removes her sweater.  Underneath is a T-shirt that reads \"Win, Rocky, Win.\" Ya right -- (laughs) Mebbe we best just hold Page 94/137 Whatta these guys want? Yo, what's with you? -- It was suppose to be private. Ah -- My buddy Paulie let me in one day an' I hit the beef here an' liked it -- An' since I become a challenger, the owner don't mind neither. 84. I think me and Paulie invented it. Yeah... Threw my whole day off. 86. Yo -- I ain't mad.  I'm just outta joint when reporters are around -- They take cheap shots an' Paulie knows it. ... What's to say?  I dunno what he wants from me -- Filled with uncontrollable anger, Paulie smashes into the room. ... It's cold outside, Paulie. Paulie goes to the living room closet and removes a baseball bat... Rocky and Adrian quickly follow. (fuming) Hey -- Paulie cocks the bat back and tenses... Rocky remains still. What can I do about it? What break?  Huh?  What break! Who am I to give breaks!  I'm a fighter, you haul meat.  You do what you do an' I do what I do best -- that's it -- that's life, man! (continuing) ... An' what ya said to my girlfriend ain't right -- Do it again, I'll kill ya. Rocky goes into the bedroom... Adrian has buried her face in a pillow... She is rocking slightly.  Rocky cradles her and (continuing) Wanna hear a dirty joke? 90. Yo, Benny. ... I'll try. The mayor presses a button and a photographer enters. (turns) Any time. (smiles) ... Run for mayor. Page 107/137 Yeah... She flips through Sports Illustrated, The American Sportsman, Ring Magazine, World Boxing, True, and a multitude of other clippings. The (continuing) My first call... Hello?  Yeah, speakin' -- Who is this? Bruce?  Bruce who? -- Yo, Bruce!  How ya been?  I ain't seen ya for nine or eight (continuing) Okay, what is it -- four- twelve 659-2424.  Yeah, yeah, thanks for callin' -- Sure I'll get back to ya, Bruce -- see ya. (distant) ... What? I don't want ya cleanin' nobody else's cages no more. (continuing; to dog) ... Come. 96. ... Can't do it. ... I can't beat him. Yeah, I can't beat him. Adrian touches his face. I been watchin' the movies -- studyin' -- He ain't weak Page 111/137 ... I dunno. 98. It ain't so bad, 'cause I was a nothin' before -- C'mon, it's true -- But that don't bother me -- I just wanna prove somethin' -- I ain't no bum... It don't matter if I lose... Don't matter if he opens my head... (continuing) ... No foolin' around. Yo, Mick, can I have my rob? Rocky puts on the robe... Embroidered across the back in flaming letters ... I'm doin' it for a friend. 101. I get the robe an' Paulie gets three grand. Whatta ya think that outfit cost? (to Mickey) Christ, Jack Dempsey. They must be friends. Thanks, Mick -- I'm gonna try. How am I doin'? See how fast he is -- damn! Damn!  How's it look? ... The guy's great. Fine... That guy's great. (standing) See what? Would you keep goin'? Open my eyes -- Please, open my eyes! Mickey nods to Benny.  He secretly places a small ring knife between his index and middle finger.  In one smooth movement he drags the razor over the blood welts and quickly covers the draining wounds with gauze... It is done so quickly no How I look out there, Mick? Fine -- Go away, I'm gonna make it -- I'm gonna make it! Everyone is distraught over Rocky's dangerous condition. (impassioned and quietly) I'll kill ya all... Don't stop nothin' -- Gimme ya best!!!! Mickey looks at the clock... (continuing) Gimme ya best!!! Blood sprays over the ropes and onto the ringside photographers... They are horrified and wipe away the blood. The fighters stand toe to toe and drag every remaining bit of strength from their souls and beat each other without ... Don't want one. Mickey comes over and separates them and leads him back to his corner... Mickey embraces him. Yo, can I have my locker back? Mickey and Rocky look at each other and grin.  Mickey hugs Rocky like a son.  Mickey raises Rocky's hand again.  Rocky turns away from Mickey and pats Benny the cut-man's shoulder... Benny smiles wearily.  Rocky stares across the ring at Apollo Creed, who stands victorious, but his face", "FAN:": "Should I bet the fight don't go the distance -- Ya feel strong?", "ANNOUNCER:": "Winner, Rocky Balboa -- Next a six rounder between local lightweights. Without pomp Rocky climbs out of the ring and bums a cigarette from a spectator... The fighter on the stretcher passes behind him.  He watches for a moment and continues up Ladies and gentlemen -- Welcome to the Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship Fight... We are very proud to have with us four former Great Champions... Ladies an' gents, Former Middleweight Champion -- 'The Bronx Bull' -- Jake LaMotta! (continuing) The man with the big punch -- Everybody's favorite, 'The Brown Bomber ' -- Joe Louis! 104. Now, last but certainly not least -- the former Heavyweight Champion, a son of Philly, Smoking Joe Frazier! ... Now for the evening's main event -- In the corner to my right, The Challenger, wearing white trunks -- At one hundred an' ninety-one pounds, one of Philly's own sons -- 'The In the far corner, wearing red, white an' blue -- Weighing in at two hundred and ten pounds -- Undefeated in forty- Page 119/137 Attention, please!!  Attention!! Ladies and gentlemen, tonight we have had the rare privilege to have witnessed the greatest exhibitions of stamina and guts ever in the history of (continuing) Ladies and gentlemen -- We have a split decision! Judge Walker scores it eight- seven Creed... Judge Roseman scores it eight-seven Balboa. 119. Judge Conners scores it nine- six Creed... Winner and still Heavyweight Champion of the World, Apollo Creed!", "PROMOTER:": "...Balboa!? Rocky raises his head.  The promoter steps over. (continuing) ... Twenty bucks for the locker an' cornerman -- Two bucks for the towel an' shower, seven for tax -- The house owes ya, sixty-one", "WOMAN:": "(tired) ... Yo' iz an accident.", "FATS:": "Honest to God I'm broke -- Gimme a break. Please, I need my hands to work -- Christ, don't bust my thumbs. At wits' end the man picks up a large metal hook used by stevedores.  Rocky remains cool. Bob. That's it, I'm broke. That's it. You have my food in ya hand. Rocky looks almost sympathetically into the fat man's flushed expression. I know the juice is climbin' -- I been workin' six months just to pay the damn interest. Waits! -- Be smart.  Ya don't have to break nothin' -- Here, take my coat, it's worth fifty-sixty dollars.  It's yours. The man quickly removes his coat and extends it... (almost a whisper) No - no - no - Please - Please - Please don't... Rocky releases the man who remains almost in shock.  The thumb is fine.", "ADRIAN:": "... Could you take the puppy out -- Page 9/137 Please - ... Fine. ... I'm sorry. ... I don't know. ... Goodnight, Rocky. Rocky exits.  Adrian watches his departure with mixed emotions. (weakly) Paulie, you're late. She looks at Rocky again. ... Paulie, why didn't you tell me you were bringing him home?!  Look at me, I'm not ready for this. No... I can't! Paulie, please -- ... Like you? I can't go out. Paulie, it's Thanksgiving. I've gotta turkey in the oven. Paulie turns and leaves the bedroom... He enters the kitchen. Grabbing a large fork, he opens the oven and spears the turkey... With the turkey suspended on the end of the fork, Paulie heaves the dripping bird out the window. It's Thanksgiving. I think it's closed. (softly) We could go somewhere else an' -- Rocky approaches the Cleaner. ... Aren't you skating? And you never got the chance? The Cleaner yells from the sideline. But you never had a chance to prove yourself. Ohh! By accident? My mother told me just the opposite.  She said, 'You weren't born with much of a body so you'd better develop your brain.' ... I suppose. ... I suppose. It doesn't bother me either. ... It is just hard for me to understand why anybody wants to be a fighter. I don't think you're a bum. Morning after? 48. Why do you do it if it hurts so bad? (pause) 'Cause you can't sing or dance? Rocky smiles. ... No thanks. Adrian looks at the mirror above Rocky's dresser.  She sees a high school photo of Rocky.  He once was handsome and smooth-faced... Rocky steps up behind her and his face is reflected in the mirror. He turns on his cheap I sold them to you. 49. Page 56/137 Do you have a phone? I wanna let my brother know where I am. Yes, I do. Yes. I think he might be worried. It's fine. It's not that -- I don't think I belong here. No, I don't belong here. ... I've never been in a man's apartment before. Page 58/137 I'm not sure I know you well enough -- I don't think I'm comfortable. (standing) I should leave. 51. (dumbstruck) What? (timidly) ... T-thank you. ... What? Don't tease me. The woman melts into the corner and begins lightly sobbing... Rocky steps forward and fences her with his arms and body. Paul. 57. Rocky's interview now fills the screen.  Rocky squints and looks nervous under the hot lights. Oh, Rocky! You didn't! Einstein flunked out of school... twice. Roosevelt finished last in his class -- Beethoven was deaf, an' Helen Keller was blind -- I think Rocky has a good chance. I don't know -- I was shocked. Why did you do that? (smiles) Absolutely -- What time should I expect you? I'll be waiting. Rocky is now on the ground floor yelling up to Adrian on the top floor landing. Yes. Don't you open them anymore? Really -- You don't think they're overly feminine? Don't want weak legs. 82. -- The legs. I thought it might be cute. ... And he called the reporters -- ... Are you going to say anything to him? Paulie! It's not your house -- Don't talk like that to him! ... Paulie.  Stop now! Only a pig would say that! Paulie smashes a small table with the bat. You gave me what?!  Knots! You gave me knots in here every day -- you made me scared of everything! Don't do that again! Owe you what? Good?  Good, Paulie?!  I've been treatin' you like a baby. Since I can't remember it's so long -- I'm the only one who feeds you an' puts you in bed when ya can't stand up -- and What?! (smiles) ... Yes -- Rocky, do you realize everybody in this country knows your face, and after the fight everybody in the world is going to. What was that you said about a pet shop? What did you say about a pet shop? Is everything all right? ... What? Apollo? What're we going to do? Oh, Rocky -- you worked so hard. Don't say that. ... I'll wait for you here. Rocky nods and she kisses him.  The fighter leaves with his trainers... Adrian is on the verge of tears. I love you -- I love you -- I love you... The two are swept along into the greatest night anyone can remember...", "CUSTOMER:": "It can breathe. Please, nothin' - I paid for this dog and can do whatever I want with it - I can throw it through the window if I want - Now give me my two dollars back before I do throw it Get away from me - Give me that! Rocky takes a couple dollars out of his pocket and hands it to the lady... She nervously exits.", "OWNER:": "Startin' with the bad jokes early today, huh. Ain't had time to check 'em. Rocky opens the cage and the large dog jumps out and looks very happy. Bullmastiff. We're not responsible for animals left over thirty days - We board it ain't a animal shelter, Y'know. ...Adrian, I want you to clean all those cat cages downstairs,", "GAZZO:": "(patiently) Sure, Rocky, Bob's good for it... Gazzo hands Rocky a twenty. Tomorrow collect from Del Rio -- He's late three weeks. How'd you do last night? Yo Rock.  Did I give you a job this mornin?  How come ya didn't break this guy's thumb like I asked ya?  When ya don't do what ya are told, it makes me look bad, kid. It don't matter.  It's my reputation.  These guys think they can get off light.  It's bad for my reputation -- It's bad for business.  See ya killer. (to Bodyguard) ... The Rock's a good kid. No, two yards from Snyder, an' a grand from Cappoli. Hey, screw ya brain on right. Now, who's this girl you're going out with tonight? (smiles) You think I don't hear things? Buddy's in a bad mood -- prostate problems. (smiles) Buddy's got a thing against ya, Rock.  Some people just hate for no reason, y'know. Here's fifty bucks -- You an' the girl have a nice time. Hey -- if a good man can make a better life, let him make it. Here's five hundred -- Put it in your glove. (smiles) Does Santa Claus charge juice? Merry Christmas -- Now, how's about my present, ya gonna win? Listen, kid, I'm with ya.  Ya know, I'm with ya -- Italian, we're blood.  You kill this rug -- We Guinneas gotta show these Afro-Americans where it's at.  Give it your best Sure, you do what ya want. Stay away from the stock market. Same thing.  Ya know, Rock, remember when we was kids, we fought together.  An' I wasn't well an' ya had to beat up that Irish kid -- what's his name? -- Gallager -- I bought Where else am I gonna go. (to Bodyguard) Bet three grand on Rocky. (slaps Bodyguard) No!  I'm not kiddin! Rocky walks away. 63.", "BODYGUARD:": "Did ya get the license number? ... Of the truck that run over your face. Gazzo steps out of the car and beckons to Rocky. (emotionless) ... A meatbag. They pull away. (abrasively) Hear she's retarded. Take 'er to the zoo -- Retards like the zoo. I don't like ya face. Kiss my ass. He's a bum -- are you kiddin?", "RUDY:": "...See the fight last night? Nah, I was fightin' myself. Apollo Creed beat the bum to pieces.", "MIKE.": "", "MIKE:": "It ain't your locker no more. Listen, I'm with you -- But ya gotta talk to Mickey -- I put ya stuff in the bag over there. Rocky looks at his belongings crammed in a wilted shopping bag and follows Mike across the room... Mike leans his head into the shower room.  Two Latin fighters are lathering up. (irate) Hey, Nobody -- Yeah, you, Nobody -- You don't call me Peanut. Yeah -- See the fight last night?  Apollo Creed beat that English guy bad. You'll be a very dangerous person. Two young boys in street clothes interrupt Mickey. ... we got visitors. Mickey strains his eyes to see a group of Don't chance it, man -- He's sick. Why you tryin' to cut 'im, man! Back off, scumbag, or I'll bite your face! Dipper cuts loose with a hook and knocks Mike flat.  The room reeks of fear... Apollo's eyes flick back and forth between Rocky and Dipper.  Apollo taps his bodyguards and Ya sappin' his strength -- He's losin' steam. No more, ya wanna lose an eye? No more. 114. Ya gave it ya best shot!", "FIGHTER:": "...Hey, Peanut, gimme some soap, Man. Readin' fuckin' history books, man! The gym explodes with laughter.", "MICKEY:": "I don't care what nobody says, this bum Creed woulda never made it in the Thirties -- (monotoned) ... What? (dryly) Do you see me talkin'?  Huh? (spitting) Then stand there an' wait till I'm done -- Creed's good, yeah, he's real fine but I gotta boy, y'know Big Dipper, who's got the stuff it takes Dipper needed it. Rocky turns and looks at (continuing) Dipper's a climber -- You're a tomato. (continuing) How old are ya? How old? More like thirty. The legs must be goin'. ... Did ya fight last night? Did ya win? ... Who'd ya fight? Rice is a bum. Ain't they? Mickey shoots Rocky a quick, indifferent look and removes a rosary from his pocket and idly rolls it around his fingers. 18. (continuing) Ya want the truth -- Ya got heart, but ya fight like an ape -- The only thing special about you is ya never got ya nose broke -- keep ya nose Think about it. (gesturing towards Rocky) Known him since he was fifteen -- A waste of life. Dejected, Rocky travels to the locker room.  He passes Big Dipper sparring in a ring... Dipper spits a mouthful of Did ya get the message, kid? A Rep from Miles Jergens' Promotions was lookin' for ya -- They need sparrin' partners for Creed. Here's the card? 'Bout an hour ago. ... I said that before. Rocky turns from Mickey and jogs out of the gym.  Mickey fumbles with his rosary beads. (continuing) ... Waste of life. Page 61/137 (stiffly) I seen the light.  I figure somebody was home. How do you mean? Listen, Rock, you're a very lucky guy. What's happened is freak luck. Look at all them other fighters. Real good boys.  Good records. Colorful.  Fight their hearts out for peanuts -- But who cared?  Nobody.  They got it shoved in their back door. (businesslike) I'm here tellin' ya to be very smart with this shot.  Like the Bible sez, ya don't get no second chance. Mickey looks hard into Rocky's eyes. (continuing) Ya need a manager.  An advisor. I been in the racket fifty years.  I done it all, there ain't nothin' about the world of pugilism that ain't livin' (stronger) Fifty years.  The rep is known around Philly, an' a good rep can't be bought, but I don't have to tell you that. Rocky, d'ya know what I done? (driving each word hard) I done it all.  I've done an' seen everything'.  Believe what I'm tellin' ya -- Ya shoulda seen the night in Look at this face -- twenty- one stitches over the left eye, thirty-four over the right -- my nose was busted seventeen times, the last being the Sailor Mike fight Yeah, ya kinda remind me of the Rock.  Ya move like 'im. Mickey has rung the bell.  Nothing could please Rocky more than being compared to his idol. Ya got heart. Christ, I know this business. Rocky, when I was fightin' it was the dirtiest racket goin', see.  Pugs like me was treated like fightin' dogs -- throw ya in the pit an' for ten bucks (continuing) Respect, I always dished ya respect. (almost begging) I'm sorry, I -- I made a mistake.  Kid, I'm askin' man to man.  I wanna be ya manager. Page 78/137 Look, you can't buy what I know.  Ya can't.  I've seen it all!  I got pain an' I got experience. Please, kid. If ya was wantin' my help, why didn't ya ask?  Just ask. (passionate) Stop!  Stop!  I can't stand it! It's clumsy.  You're off balance. He motions to his bullish helper, Mike.  He hands him the string. (continuing) Tie it to both ankles -- Leave two feet slack. Forget the footwork -- You're off balance.  The legs are sticking everywhere.  Marciano had the same problem, an' the string cured it.  When you can hit and move without breakin' (irate) Don't you boys ever interrupt when I'm conductin' business, or I'll kill you both -- Go away. The boys depart. (continuing) Autographs!  Ya wanna be a writer or a fighter?  Let's work. Mike looks off across the gym. (approaching) Can I help you guys? I own the place. The Reporter has a hundred things on his mind... he turns from Mickey and nods to his crew... the other television crews rush to set up. What's happenin' here? (to Dipper) You can forget about sparring, kid. Page 90/137 (almost apologetically to the crew) Why let Rocky here take a chance on cuttin' or breakin' a hand? -- Take a shower, This is gettin' outta hand -- Rocky will fight in the ring January first, not here! Not yellow, cautious. (to the crew) See, it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt -- Dipper suddenly steps forward and slaps Rocky very hard across the side of the head... The gym becomes stone cold. (softly) Let's take a walk, Rock. Please, don't take a chance. He wants to hurt you so you can't fight. Rocky swallows his pride.  He still has the string around The kid's got cannons -- Print that. The crowd disperses, leaving Dipper a pathetic and broken figure lying on a dirty gym floor. His defense is great, can't lie 'bout that -- You have a Page 103/137 (continuing) See how he plays sometimes -- Drives his cornermen nuts. Nobody knows his next move -- Him included. They watch more action... Creed has a fighter helpless (continuing) Killer instinct -- Ya both got the killer touch.  Interestin'. See that! -- Right-cross combination.  Beautiful.  But you got the power to rip the (continuing) Rocky, when ya climb into the square, an' know ya' meetin' the best fighter in the world, ya' gonna be ready, ya' gonna be ready 'cause I been waitin' What cha say, Benny -- Meet 'The Rock.' This is our cutman, Benny Stein. Check the eyes, Ben. 92. Benny checks the skin around Rocky's eyes. ... I know what you're thinkin'm kid -- At least ya gotta shot -- All ya can do is try ya' best. Rocky stands and, with his dog, inches past Mickey and exits the room.  Mickey walks over and turns off the projector. ... It's time, kid. Rocky nods and moves toward Adrian. Don't you care what the people will say? Page 114/137 Whatta you get outta this? ... Shrewd. Don't let 'im get you tight. 103. God bless ya, Rock. You can do it!  Goddamnit, you got the power!  The body, get the body!!!  Ya got him goin'! Breathe deep -- Keep ya chin down!!  Use the legs and drive through 'im.  Attack -- Attack -- Attack! Ya nose is broke. Can't hardly tell.  Don't swallow the blood -- Go for his ribs.  Don't let 'im breathe. Why don't ya tell 'im you're a fan! How you holdin' up, kid? Gimme the water!  Ya getttin' tagged with his right.  I think you should feint left and high hook 'im -- Benny, check the eyes!  Can ya see? Keep on him -- You're doin' great. Wanna keep goin'? ... Yeah. (truly worried) Great, kid, great. The ring Doctor leans over Rocky and checks the eyes. Nobody's gonna say ya didn't give ya all.  I can't let ya go out. Rocky stands and eyes them all. I don't care what they say, you're a winner.", "DIPPER:": "(to Rocky) ... I dig yo' locker, Man. (loud) Ya nothin', Boy! Apollo stops his sales pitch in mid-sentence... The television crew faces Dipper. (continuing) I say ya nothin'! I'm happenin'!  This pig is takin' my shot -- I iz a contender.  He's nothin'. (shaking his fist) Spar me in front of these here Yo' know I iz the best man here!  Yo' said so yoself! 79. Don't mouth me, old man, I'll knock yo' out too.  C'mon, wop, spar me, let everybody see who's got the heat around here. Silence looms over the gym... Apollo is apprehensive.  The (continuing; insanely) Man, yo' best keep them cameras out!  Fight me, boy! Let Creed here see the kind of punk he's fightin'! Mike forces his way through the crowd and stands behind Rocky. If yo're afraid to fight me, then get down an' kiss my feet, boy. Mickey looks nervously around and knows it's only seconds before the blood will run... Rocky stands motionless. ... Now, boy, kiss my feet. Rocky eyes his friend lying on the floor.  He shuffles forward and stands before Dipper. Page 92/137 (continuing; almost in a whisper) ... Kiss 'em. Rocky looks at Mickey, then lowers his eyes to Dipper's feet... Dipper smiles.  Rocky starts to bend towards the shoes.  Without warning, he explodes with a pair of", "TRAINER:": "Time, Dipper. 19. Dipper smiles cruelly and begins sparring... Scene It ain't just Green, what about the time Apollo's invested -- Page 35/137 Ten million's worth! This man here is the Star, dig -- Don't cause him to breathe heavy -- Now what 'bout that sucker, Billy Dukes? You's the novelty, Champ! Too old, dull fighter. (points at a name) Bobby Judge is a good boy. He won't last one round. 37. I don't like you messin' with southpaws -- They do everything wrong. (worried) Apollo, you oughta come see this boy you're gonna fight on Sure -- He can hit -- Don't play no more -- Stick an' move, hear? Don't play with this man, he's fightin' hard -- Let 'em feel some real heat! People nothin', you in a fight, my man, -- ya best believe what you hear... Knock that boy out soon an' let's go home. (yelling) Cover your face!  Cover up! (to Assistant) My man's cut, my man's bleedin' -- Get ready! Bad?  Talk to me, man! Luck!  You fightin' a crazy man -- but you got him hurt bad. (to Assistant) More ice, now! 111. (to Assistant) Get that doctor. You're hurtin', man! Yo' bleedin' inside, man -- Get that doctor. Don't kill yourself, man -- Let the doctor stop the fight. Cover the ribs -- Look here, elbow down, tight -- Tight -- stand straight -- you're the best, you're the best!", "PAULIE:": "(very drunk) Yo, Rocky -- Look at this mirror.  I'd like to kill the friggin' moron who broke this mirror. What? Forget her.  You could do better than my sister. (annoyed) Looks, huh? My sister's a friggin' loser. Sometimes she gets me so crazy, I'd like to split her head with a razor. Ya caught me in a bad mood. ... Adrian ain't sharp. The restroom stench is overwhelming... Rocky covers his nose with the neckline of his t-shirt. (continuing) She's a loser -- She don't enjoy life -- She reads -- Brainy -- Pushin' thirty friggin' years old!  She's gonna die alone if she don't An' you're dyin' alone, too. (pointing at the wall) I wanna kill the friggin' moron who broke the mirror. The girl's dryin' up!  She's gotta live a little before her body dries up!!  You're a pal, Rock -- How 'bout yo' talk to her?  Y'know, it's Thanksgivin' tomorrow. Tomorrow you come for some bird, right? I hate the friggin' game... I'd like to talk some business. Look at my hands -- See how the joints are swollen. Paulie extends his thick hands and tries to make a fist. (continuing) Inflamed joints -- Walkin' in an' out of a freezer carryin' meat plays hell on the joints. I don't need a doctor, I need a different job. Do me a favor -- Talk to Gazzo. Tell him I'm a friend an' would do a good job... Tell him I ain't bothered by nothin' an' would be a great collector... Bustin' bones I'm askin' ya to go to him -- As a favor. Yeah, sure -- She's very excited. Did you call the hospital? (to Rocky) If I'm ten minutes late, she calls the hospital. Adrian enters the bedroom and slams the door... Paulie follows.  An argument ensues and Rocky overhears. Like it would make a difference if you were, right?  This guy's a friend and now he's takin' ya out. Ya, ya goin' outta the bedroom an' I don't wanna know from nothin'. Hey, I want ya out instamaticly. -- I'm sicka lookin' at ya hangin' around Page 46/137 Don't get wise with me.  I want ya to stop bein' a loser. Why? !! Ya want the bird, go out in the alley an' eat the bird -- I want ya outta the house -- Enjoy ya friggin' life... Ya hungry, Rock? Forget nothin' -- Here, talk to my sister, tell 'er somethin' nice. Rocky walks over to Adrian's bedroom door and begins speaking to the enclosed girl. Page 47/137 Try again, c'mon, try again. Rocky goes over to the door and begins speaking again. Ice skate. (dry) Christ. 58. Don't it matter none he's makin' ya out a fool? -- I'd break his lips. He's takin' cheap shots. Yo, Rock -- now ya'll be lookin' for people to help, right? 59. Y'know, to help keep ya livin' clean. Ya gotta have a guy help ya exercise, mebbe somebody to be standin' by with a towel or run errands, y'know. Without havin' good people around, ya won't have such a good chance. Adrian is not happy with her brother's overbearing attitude. She faces him. That so. How ya feelin'? I got whiskey here. This is the guy who's fightin' Apollo Creed. Rock'll be comin' by every mornin' to pick up some Prime -- can't train on that store crap. Rocky smiles and Paulie leads him out of the office and to the large metal door of a walk-in refrigerator. (teasing) If ya don't pay Gazzo, ya end up hangin' on the hook, right? How 'bout you talk to 'em about me? (tightly) Please do me that favor. Ain't sure, what's the story? The story -- what's happenin'? Paulie speaks like a man who has been mulling this over for quite a while. (continuing) Ya really like her? (nervous laughter) What's the attraction?  I don't see it? What gaps? (sharply) You ballin' her? (tersely) C'mon, ya screwin' her? From across the room Rocky looks him hard in the eyes. Hit the rump.  The rump! Ya'll break the ribs! Rocky speeds up and continues pounding on the second row of beef.  Paulie's eyes widen and his face grimaces with every punch, like he were receiving it.  Rocky moves into the dark recess of the refrigerator.  Only the dull (continuing) We do that to Creed an' Page 84/137 Yo, Rock.  I made a few phone calls an' thanks to me ya goin' to be a big man -- Thatta dog? To see ya train. I thought I was doin' ya a favor -- C'mon inside -- Y'know, my sister really likes ya. Page 95/137 Nothin'!  I want nothin' from you!!! Shutup!  I want nothin' -- I ain't no charity case!  Get outta my house! You ain't no friend no more -- Go home!  Outta my house I want ya! Get outta my life both of ya's. Paulie kicks the door out of frustration and appears to be Page 99/137 (continuing) Outta my house I want ya!! 87. I don't want ya messin' up my sister no more -- He's scum from the corner, I don't raise ya to hang with no bum! Adrian is speechless... Rocky moves towards Paulie. (continuing; raising the bat) ... Wanna hit on me?  C'mon -- C'mon, I'll break both ya arms so's they never work... Rocky freezes... I want 'im outta here -- (to Rocky) Don't think I'm good enough to work for Gazzo? (spits) That's what I think of bums (to Adrian) You forget what I went through to give ya the best. 88. I always seen ya had the best, but did ya ever think of puttin' in a good word for me with this scumbag! Paulie smashes a large lamp with the bat. Get away from me -- I could never even get married 'cause you couldn't live by yaself -- ya'd die by yaself!  So instead I put you two together -- Did ya think of You busted?! 89. You a virgin? -- Ya let 'im in ya pants, didn't ya!  Ya pulled down ya pants an' let him have it, didn't ya!! Mortified, Adrian runs to her room... Rocky steps to Paulie. (softly) ... I can't haul meat no more. Page 102/137 Christ, I been beggin' ya for a break until I'm sick inside. Yo, Rock, I think I found an angle to make some bread usin' ya name, ya mind? Exhausted, Rocky studies Paulie's face a moment and nods 'yes.'... Rocky sways into the shower room and Paulie strides off.", "(MORE)": "21. 29. 62. 66. 67. 78. 91. 110. 113. 117.", "ROCKY (CONT'D)": "I say jokes.  Nothin'.  She looks at me. Page 23/137 Nobody's ever gonna take ya serious.  Ya get no respect... I gotta use a bad word -- Whore.  You'll end up maybe becomin' a whore.", "ANDY:": "That was alotta crap to go through for a dinner invite. Rocky shakes his head no and raises his eyes towards a suspended television... the nightly sports broadcast is on. The Nobody cares what's happenin' in the world of sports nomore -- Downhill.  Baseball, downhill -- Basketball, downhill.  Football's goin', too.  Bank on it.  Baseball (continuing) Where are the real fighters? The pros.  Today we jig clowns. 25. Yeah. (continuing; boldly) Take a shot, he says! -- Sure, I'll take a shot! Laughing, Andy pours himself a shot. ... The Rock's got real stones.", "COMMENTATOR:": "How was the flight, Champ? Apollo, how would you rate this last British challenger, Henry Wilcoxson? You're referring to the much publicized bicentennial fight? Still to be held in Philadelphia? Where're you off to now? Apollo draws his wife close. 24. Any quick advice for young boxing hopefuls? Jerry Simpson at Kennedy Airport with the Champion, Apollo Creed. The sports show cuts away, but Rocky continues to look at the television with a pensive stare... Andy has been speaking the following dialogue over Apollo's broadcast. A Bicentennial Fight -- January first.  It will be the first sporting event on our two hundredth birthday and is already being called by many the greatest farce in sports Just relax, Mr. Balboa -- (to the camera) Today we're here with heavyweight challenger, Rocky Balboa.  The reason we are standing in a refrigerated box Is this a common training method -- I mean do other fighters pound raw meat? Would you give us a demonstration? Rocky steps over to a hanging beef and begins pounding with incredible intensity... Everyone present is taken aback. Page 96/137 ... Diane Lewis in the meathouse with the Southpaw, Rocky Balboa.", "APOLLO:": "Very high an' very fast. Apollo's crowd smiles almost automatically at everything he says. He was big, an' very nasty so I destroyed him in a hurry -- Now I'm gettin' ready for Mac Lee Green next month. The Bicentennial Heavyweight Championship of the World is gonna be held in the only place it can be held -- Philadelphia! -- the nation's cradle -- January First -- the Me an' my wife are goin' home 'cause we miss our children an' can't go no more time without seein' them. (looks straight into the camera) ... Stay in school an' use your brains, dig -- Be a lawyer, be a doctor, carry a leather briefcase an' forget Damn. Solution, nothin' -- What about the Bicentennial fight. You best find me another ranked contender an' I mean in a flash, man! Then gimme Buddy Shaw -- He's ranked fifth. 32. Shape, nothin' -- They're afraid.  They know everybody in the world's gonna see this fight an' none of them gotta prayer of beating me so they're makin' excuses so they I do -- Maybe what this fight needs is something new -- a novelty. Give my main man a raise!! Everyone laughs. (continuing) Now here's what's goin' down. Listen, 'cause I'm gonna say this but one time.  On January first, the first day of the Bicentennial I'm gonna fight No, man, it's very smart. 34. How 'bout this Billy Snow? 36. How 'bout this Big Chuck Smith? ... I don't feel heat from the name. ... Still don't feel no heat. ... This man. Everybody leans forward. (continuing; much amused) 'The Italian Stallion' -- He's my man. Don't matter -- That name. 'The Italian Stallion,' it's right on. (laughs) Who discovered America?  An Italian, right?  So, man, what Listen, I gonna carry this boy three rounds, then drop 'im like a bad habit. Page 42/137 Southpaw, nuthin' -- I'll drop 'im in three -- 'Apollo Creed meets the Italian Stallion.' Shhiii -- Sounds like a damn monster movie!! Everyone laughs. I like my Philadelphia Brothers. An' I'm patriotic! Apollo has to move to the side to avoid a thrusting microphone. 56. Page 64/137 (continuing; mock seriousness) If yo' don't back up I'm gonna send yo' home with a microphone in yo' nose! The Reporters laugh. If history proves one thing, everybody gotta chance -- Didn't yo' all ever hear of David an' Goliath? -- 'Course I woulda knocked out Goliath. The same coincidence that he's fightin' a black man. He's Italian. It means if he can't fight, I bet he can cook! Rocky and Adrian laugh at the interview... Paulie, her brother, takes offense. (bellowing) I am the Champion of the whole world!!! Page 88/137 (continuing) (approaching Rocky) Italian Stallion, I come over to tell you to be very smart an' after this fight donate what's gonna be left of your (continuing) This classic fight -- Tha's right, this bicentennial fight's goin' down in the history books 'cause January first I'm gonna be the first (continuing) Now I gots a special announcement, y'hear.  For the first time in alotta years this championship fight is gonna be on your home How much is being channeled into West Coast closed-circuit advertising? Make it four hundred an' fifty. (to younger man) Send two hundred roses to the mayor's wife from me, get a picture an' make sure it gets all the papers. Yeah, I'd like to get Canada -- see, if we can get a tax break -- Gimme the figures on the Program Concession. Meanwhile, the trainer sits across the room in a darkened Page 97/137 I mean business, too -- (to men) The gross rental of the arena is gonna include the four hundred ushers, right? -- Gimme some coffee. I want you!  I want you! The crowd loves the taunting.  Apollo Creed floats back to his corner. ... Come at me, sucker! Rocky charges and a terrific right crashes against Apollo's chin, followed by an uppercut to the liver that causes Creed to cringe... 107. Apollo counters with jabs and Rocky whips brutal combinations (to Trainer) ... That boy damn near broke my arm. I'll carry him 'till the third. Man, I rearranged his face with that right -- The people love what's happenin' tonight. (staring at Rocky) ... That man's takin' his job too serious. He got lucky. My side. No doctor!... I'm feelin' good, bro! ... Ribs broke -- Blood trickles from the corner of Apollo's mouth.  The Trainer feels the ribs. ... Stop jivin'! ... Thanks. ... Ain't gonna be no rematch.", "CHIPPED TOOTH:": "(aggressively) Yo, Rocks, buy us sum wine, man. C'mon, man, it's cold, man. Yo, Rock, gimme a dollar. 26. Hey, give Rocky a dime. So he can call all his friends. Buy us some Thunderbird, man. Rocky ignores the statement and faces a very young girl who is smoking and leaning whore-like against the wall. This is our place, dig! The gang reluctantly backs up a step. (backpedaling) We'll kill you, man -- We gotta gun.", "MARIE:": "... Screw you. ... Screw you, yoyo. The gang laughs.  Angered and shocked, Rocky grabs her arm. Hey -- Stuff it, man! I like 'em.  If you don't you can f-- (bored) ... Yeah. She attempts to light a cigarette... Rocky nonchalantly tosses it to the ground. I like yella teeth. Maybe I like garbage. Rocky and Marie take a shortcut through a dark school yard. Why? C'mon, Rocky.  I'm twelve. What? I won't. Ya hope I don't keep acting like a whore or I'll turn into one, right? Goodnight, Rocky. ... Fuck you, Creepo!!! The girl runs to her house as Rocky looks on in dismay.", "LAWYER:": "Are the doctor's reports confirmed? Jergens, don't play games with my client!  Apollo has already done nearly a million dollars worth of publicity -- -- And has made contractual obligations with over twenty different organizations -- He doesn't want to be embarrassed. Hell with Fourth of July, man! Ten thousand things'll be goin' down on the Fourth of July! -- Apollo wants to be first! Three hundred thousand.", "JERGENS:": "Definitely -- (reading) -- It says here, Mac Lee Green has suffered a seriously cracked third metacarpal in his left hand. I suppose we could cancel the fight indefinitely if you are set on fighting Green. I believe we can find a solution. (holding up some notes) I contacted Ernie Roman's manager, he's fighting in France the same week. Shaw's fighting in South America -- Why not postpone Page 36/137 That may not be possible, Jimmy. Went to California and gained fifty pounds -- and I called every worthwhile contender, but they say five weeks isn't enough time to get in shape. Apollo stands beneath a new fight poster and points to it. Apollo, I'm sure there's a way to salvage this. All I can counter with is that I'm a goddamn good promoter -- I've promoted in every country in the world -- and I've tried to the best of my abilities. Perhaps you're right, and no ... It's very American. Fouls. (sighs) Exactly what are you looking for, Apollo? Rocky Balboa -- His record's poor -- Hello, Mr. Balboa -- I'm Miles Jergens -- Please, have a seat. Mr. Balboa -- Rocky, do you have any representation?  A manager? Rocky, would you be interested in -- Excuse me. I'm sure you are. What? Did you hear what I said? Not spar, I'm asking whether you would be interested in fighting Creed for the championship. The weight of the statement comes crashing down in Rocky. For a long moment he becomes nothing more than a basket case", "FADE OUT.": "", "FADE IN:": "", "COMMENTATOR (V.O.)": "... Unfortunate luck for fifth-ranked heavyweight, Mac Lee Green.  The slugging fighter acquired a serious fracture in his left hand after an aggressive day of", "CLEANER:": "Hey, whatta ya doin' here -- we're closed... Yo, we're closed! (starts to walk over) Hey, the rink is empty 'cause we're closed -- ya ain't allowed in here so do me a favor an' not stay here. Page 49/137 Yo, pal, what's with you -- The place ain't operatin'. This a con? Few minutes? Ten minutes for ten dollars. Nine minutes! Seven minutes! 45. Six! Cost ya a buck. Here -- Three minutes. 46. Time! The Cleaner walks over as Rocky and Adrian get off the ice. (weakly) ... How 'bout for the Cokes?", "SECRETARY:": "May I help you? Rocky hands her the business card. (continuing) Your name, please? You may go in. Rocky collects himself and enters... 54.", "GAZZO (CONT'D)": "Ya like to put it on the street, make it work for ya?", "MICKEY (CONT'D)": "(shows a tiny press clipping; points to cauliflower ear) An' he give me the vegetable on the ear.  I got pain an' fought in boxcars, in whorehouse basements, any joint with a floor -- October 1931 I fought a bum who put a tack in the thumb of his glove an' punched so many holes in You'll gonna be able to eat lightin' and crap thunder -- You'll be a very, very dangerous person... The", "JOSE:": "(heavy accent) Good luck -- Kill him, man. (walks away) Hooray, man.", "BOY:": "Rocky, could we have your autograph?", "REPORTER:": "(to Cameraman) Set the camera up over there. (to Mickey) We're from Channel Seven -- Page 86/137 (to the camera) We're here at Goldmill's Gym -- A Philadelphia landmark of sorts since 1929 -- The stench of toil permeates every corner.  The sweat a trademark So much has happened lately -- Has it changed your life style much? (flushed) We can cut that out later. Apollo Creed says he'll let you stay three rounds before he puts you away. Do you feel you have a chance? Do you have anything derogatory to say about the Champion? 77.", "CAMERAMAN:": "Rolling here.", "SOUND MAN:": "Speed here.", "SCENE FADES.": "", "BENNY:": "Ain't bad.  Seen worse -- Cover up an' things should be okay.", "MAYOR:": "Sit down, Rocky. Flips open a thick file that lays in front of him. 93. (continuing) I've been going over your record -- You've been the busy type -- (reading) Nineteen arrests -- probation (continuing) I'm a very busy man, but I just wanted to remind you that you'll be setting an example for thousands of guys like yourself and maybe start them Would you stand up, please. Rocky rises and the mayor shakes his hand... Their picture is taken three times... The photographer exits. (continuing) Thank you for coming by, Rocky -- good luck. (sitting) Wait... After the fight you'll have nearly a hundred and fifty thousand dollars -- What do you plan to do with it? 94.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "  ", "ANOTHER ANGLE:": "A wedge of uniformed guards knife down the aisle to the ring. Many people wish Rocky well as he passes... people also hurl insults.  From the expression on Mickey's face it is also the greatest night of his life.  In the audience are familiar faces from the gym.  From the back of the arena a The The Announcer points and the timekeeper   The Commentators beckon to Frazier as he exits the ring.   The The  Rocky suddenly explodes with an upswing hook to the jaw. Creed is dropped.  The arena The The round ends with Apollo assaulting Rocky with blinding combinations and delivering a stupendous right cross that Page 122/137 Apollo stands in his corner and jokes with the fans, but he is beginning to show the strain from the body punches. Rocky sits as Mickey and Benny try to reduce the swelling around his eyes... The nose is shattered. Round three... Apollo comes out dancing.  He skips and side- steps Rocky's sledgehammer hooks.  An expert ring general, Apollo uses the ring fully.  Rocky keeps tearing in and Creed meets the bombing attack that cause thick swelling... Near the end of the round Rocky fires a penetrating punch to the heart. The Rocky's face is in very bad shape, not cut, but wretchedly swollen around the eyes. The Commentators shift in their seats. Apollo's corner is in turmoil... The Champion is definitely hurt. In Rocky's corner, things are frantic.  His eyes are swollen shut. At the rear of the arena Adrian looks transfixed at the ring. She is caught up in the heat of the battle. The The Rocky no longer resembles himself... His face has completely been beaten to jelly, but his mood is buoyant. The The Commentators stare unansweringly at the fighters. Apollo feints and Rocky falls for it.  The Champion unleashes a lethal blow to the side of the head that jolts Rocky's mouthpiece into the second row... Rocky sags against the ropes in a crucified position... The insane crowd leaps to their feet. Rocky's bloody teeth snarl at Apollo and he waves him to come ahead and fight toe to toe... Apollo obliges with a weary but effective burst of rights and lefts that have The Announcer enters the ring with a microphone. Apollo did not expect this and tenses.  His corner nervously tries to reassure him.  It does no good. Rocky did not expect this either and looks in confusion at Mickey, but Mickey is frozen with anticipation. Page 134/137  Apollo is rigid.  Fear radiates from his eyes.  To lose the crown on this night after the fight he fought would kill him... A silence has blanketed the arena.  Rocky sorely smiles and looks at the waves of Apollo climbs out of the ring and the fans crush forward screaming his name and waving red, white and blue banners. Page 135/137 Rocky also climbs out of the ring and waves of frantic well- wishing fans rumble forward... Mickey's eyes show mounting apprehension as the fans become abnormally active. They shove the police aside and clutch wildly at Creed. Creed's army of bodyguards swing angrily at the crowd but they are soon engulfed by screaming waves of humanity. Apollo is suddenly hoisted into the air and is being carried along by a legion of fans. 120. On the opposite aisle Rocky is experiencing the same overwhelming adulation by his fans but does not seem to be frightened by it, like Apollo.  Mickey tries his best to control things but his voice is drowned out in the growing clamor.  The fans shove the guards aside and hoist Rocky to their shoulders. Rocky's and Apollo's fans are aggressively competing against each other... chanting, 'Creed, Creed, Creed.' Rocky's fans counter by bellowing, 'Rocky, Rocky, Rocky.' Paulie tries to get to Rocky but is shoved aside and he starts swinging. Both Rocky and Apollo are completely at the mercy of the crowd.  They are being passed overhead and remain helpless as their bodies float up the aisle on the sea of hands... The Fearful that Rocky is in danger, Adrian tries to move forward.  Running headlong into the crowd, she angles through the mass to get to Rocky.", "DEMPSEY:": "Good luck, kid. He moves off. Page 117/137", "FRAZIER:": "Well, I think any man who works an' trains hard always gotta chance. I'm always in shape. Joe laughs and exits.  The timekeeper", "REFEREE:": "... Now come out fighting. The fighters return to their corners. Six!... Seven!... Eight!... Creed is up... His playful attitude is gone... he is now all business.  His lightning jab stings Rocky's face repeatedly. Six -- Seven -- Eight -- Rocky gets to his feet and tenses with renewed energy.  He is like a wounded wild animal.  The tide suddenly turns. Rocky drops low and catches Apollo with a pair of terrific body punches that seem to drive Apollo's diaphragm up to his throat... A", "ROCKY'S CORNER": "", "APOLLO'S CORNER": "Apollo does not sit.  He stands and clowns with the spectators to prove he is not hurt.", "DOCTOR:": "Deep, but passable. One more round -- How do you feel? Rocky is approaching the supreme moment of his life.  He cannot be bothered with pain or doctors. 116.", "SIX:": "", "FIVE:": "", "FOUR:": "", "THREE:": "", "TWO:": ""}, "rogerrabbit.php": {"FADE IN:": " ", "IN:": "", "\"THE BUNNYSITTER\"": "Below are two cameos of the cartoon's stars.  One picture is of a cherubic baby in a bonnet innocently posed with his thumb in his mouth.  The other is of a paunchy rabbit with a gap between his front teeth.  He has a loveable, if slightly shell-shocked look.  The cartoon begins...", "VOICE (O.S.)": "Mommy's going to the beauty parlor, darling.  But I'm leaving you with your favorite friend, Roger.  He's going to take very, very good care of you... (voice turns ominous) Cut, cut, cut! The cartoon action stops abruptly, but the goofy Make that a round. Valiant and Dolores look down the bar, but there's no one there.  Finally the familiar cowlick of Baby Herman rises to the top of the bar as he clambers up a barstool.", "BABY HERMAN:": "Baby bye-bye... Roger makes a dive for him, misses, and gets his head stuck between the bars.  He pleads with the Baby in a voice that resonates of Huntz Hall in \"The Bowery Boys\". Coo-kie. is swinging precariously on the door of the freeer. has taken this opportunity to crawl out the window.  Roger races to the window.  His eyes pop out of his head at what he sees. What the hell was wrong with that take?? Aw, for cryin' out loud, Roger!  I'll be in my trailer... takin' a nap! Baby Herman pulls himself up to his full height of two feet and walks off the set.  He chooses a route that takes him under the dress of the You serve martinis, doncha? Make it dry.  Baby doesn't like to be wet. (to Valiant) You're Valiant, right?  The name's Baby Herman. Yeah, I had to go slummin'.  See, a friend of mine's bein' framed. You don't believe that.  I mean. the guy's an idiot, a moron, a complete fool...  but he'd never kill anyone. I know the guy. Dolores brings Baby Herman his baby bottle cocktail. (continuing) Thanks, doll. When Dolores turns around, Baby Herman pats her on the bottom. (sotto voce; to Valiant) My problem is I got a fifty-year-old lust and a three-year-old dinkie. Page 35/121 C'mon, Valiant, doesn't this whole thing smell a bit funny to you?  I mean, no offense, but how did a mucky-muck like And another thing, the paper said no will was found.  But every Toon knows Acme had a will and, in it he promised to leave Toontown to the Toons. Somebody took it from him.  That's what this whole thing's about. My hunch is it was Maroon.  He always was after Acme's property. Page 36/121 No.  But neither does Roger.  That's Diablo Red.  Roger's pants are Sunrise Orange. So what's your next move, Valiant?", "ROGER RABBIT:": "(continuing) 'Dear Jessy.  How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.  1-1000, 2-1000, 3-1000... Valiant leaps for Roger and gets bim by the throat.  He rips the paper out of Roger's hand and crumples it up and throws (continuing) Hey, that wasn't very nice. He retrieves the love letter, straightens it and puts it back in his pocket. (continuing) It took me almost an hour to compose that.  But I decided not to leave it anyway.  I'd read it in person, that was my plan. Valiant crosses to the kitchen area where the dark room is Don't do that!  I'm innocent I tell ya. The police'll just dip me.  They were waitin' for me when I got home last night.  I ran. Gee, Eddie, I'm a rabbit.  We always run. Valiant shoots the drink down and holds up the empty glass. : Well, this is the moment of truth!  And I've spoken the truth, but you won't believe the truth.  So I guess the truth is my goose is cooked, my hash is slung. my fait is accompli. As Valiant finishes dialing, he idly puts the empty shot (continuing) Won't anything change your mind? Valiant turns from the pleading rabbit.  Now something he sees on the counter gets his attention. You mean you believe me? Now outside we It's Toon Control! Valiant comes to the window and looks out, too. You're gonna help me?  How can I ever thank you? He plants a big wet Toon kiss on Valiant's lips. Eddie Valiant... you're under arrest! Just kidding... Sorry, Eddie, I forgot you're not a Toon. Charmed, enchanted, pleasure's all mined. May Does this help? Well, no, not any time.  Only when it was funny. Valiant looks at Roger like he's about to brain him.  Roger pulls his hand free again, and cowers out of range.  Valiant just rubs his forehead. My philosophy is if you don't have a sense of humor, you're better off dead. So that's what this little drama is all about. Page 47/121 I resent that innuendo!  My wife is completely innocent. The habeus corpus is thickening. How do you know that? Well, Mr. Smarty-Pants Detective, your logic is specious.  What prevented Mr. Acme from putting the will back in the safe before they killed him? What should I do?  Who should I see? Where should I go? Valiant turns. (continuing) 'Things turned out fine And now she's mine...' Roger flips through the pad which in crude animation, shows the story of Roger and Jessica getting back together, culminating in them kissing in a heart.  Augie's delighted. (continuing) '... Cause the merry-go-round Went round... Hoo-hoo, Hoo-hoo...' Roger does backflips and acts like an escapee from the acute ward. 'My name is Roger Rabbit I've got a crazy habit I like to sing and dance and yuk...' Roger goes to Angelo, lifts off his cap, and whacks his toupee, making it spin like a top. (continuing) '... So brighten up and smile You schmuck'. All the regulars in the bar have a good laugh at that one. Now as Roger twirls around on the post, he smashes into a bar tray held by Eddie.  Valiant carries him toward the back Hey, don't I get an encore? But that's my calling, my purpose, my raison d'etre.  Toons are supposed to make people laugh... and believe me, those people needed a laugh. Angelo?  He's a pal, a chum... Well... I still don't think he'd turn me in. A laugh can be a powerful thing, Eddie. Sometimes it's the only weapon we have in life. I've met some cynical and miserable humans in my time.  But you, Edward Valiant, are positively funereal! Go ahead and throw that punch. (opens one eye) But you'd be more successful with a punch line. Valiant drops his fist and rubs his temples with frustration. My pal. Two... bits! (looks around) Uh... oh... No, no. not the dip!  Eddie, tell him I didn't do it! A blindfold, cigarette, noseplugs? Just kidding. But, Eddie, you know what happens when... Oh, Eddie, that was quick thinkin'. Nothin' like usin' the old noggin, the noodle, the grey matter... Hey, Benny, what were you in for? Valiant and Valiant?  Who's the other Valiant? So what's our plan, our scenario, our modus operandi? Guess you haven't been here in a while. (reads headline) 'Japs Bomb Pearl Harbor'. Roger walks over to the wall.  He takes a framed picture off the wall which shows two guys clowning with Mickey Mouse. Say, who's this guy laughin'? Gee, I didn't recognize you... I've never seen you laugh before.  That your brother makin' the rabbit ears? Huh? In the dream bubble, the saw cuts through the log.  One end of the log falls out of the bubble and Gee, you shamuses are a tough audience, but what happened to you that was so dark, lurid, embittering? A Toon?  Noooo. Him?  Oh, he was vile, heinous, despicable... a smear on the drafting board. (wincing) Safe? : I'll get it. Wrong number? Gee, Eddie, you're not gonna go, are ya?  Maroon'll be layin' for ya at nine o'clock. I tell you what, maybe I better come with you. You know, Eddie, I'm not as much of a chump, and a patsy, a yokel as you think. (sheepish) Two bits. Page 87/121 Yeah? Cucamonga?  I don't know anybody in Cucamonga. Don't shoot, Eddie.  It's me. Valiant lowers the gun as Roger emerges. I followed you to the Maroon Studios. When I heard those shots, I thought I'd help you and investigate the inside of this trunk. Valiant reaches into the black bag in the car.  He comes out with a pair of Hmmm... What would be the harm if I took her for a spin? He throws it into gear.  The Packard bucks into the car in front of it.  Then Roger shifts again.  The same process is repeated in reverse.  He (continuing) Ah... the open road. Hi, Roger Rabbit.  Love your work. Benny? Benny hobbles over to the Packard.  He pops his trunk and rummages around.  He comes out with Toon boltcutters.  He clips Roger's cuffs off. Let's go! Benny nudges Roger to the passenger side. I'm gonna save them, of course.  You go for help.  Find Dolores at the Terminal Bar.  She'll know what to do. It's time to make my move. Roger starts to climb out of the toilet.  He reaches for something to grab onto.  Unwittingly, he gets the toilet chain hanging from the tank above.  As he pulls himself out, the toilet flushes.   Roger has only a moment to register a dumbfounded expression before he is sucked down the john. Get 'em up.  All of you!  Or I let the Judge have it! Yes, it's me, my dearest.  I'd embrace you but first I have to take care of some unfinished business. Go ahead.  Give me an excuse to fill you full of holes, pump you full of lead. (over shoulder) How'm I doin', Eddie? Not before I satisfy my sense of moral outrage. Milking the moment, he shifts the gun from one hand to another.  He circles Doom, poking and prodding him with the gun. (continuing) You think you could get away with this? Hah!  We Toons may be idiotic, but we're not stupid! Yes, justice, Judge Doom.  The real meaning of the word probably hits you like a ton of bricks! Voltaire calmly nudges an Acme Ton-Of-Bricks off the shelf. (delirious) Look, stars!  Ready when you are, Raoul. Valiant shakes his head, but Jessica starts to laugh. You guys think this is real funny, doncha? (to Valiant) Eddie, do somethin'! At the last second, Eddie shouts at the Weasle. Yeah, isn't it great?  Keep it up, Eddie... you're killing 'em, you're slayin' 'em, you're knockin' 'em dead. Roger means it.  The Weasles are laughing so hard they're giving themselves heart attacks.  Valiant spins around on the floor like a clock dial gone berserk. Be comforted in the knowledge that as we face the Grim Dipper, our paint will be comingled for eternity. They both close their eyes, waiting for the end.  But it never cames.  The truck runs up on some boxes and the sprayer arm swings back the other way. Eddie, look out! That's because it's Disappearing-Reappearing Ink.  Shows up three days later.  Gives you enough time to get away from the victim so he doesn't punch you in the nose.  Great gag. That's right.  If only we knew what happened to that will... Valiant looks up from his shirt. Good idea. He reaches in his pocket, pulls out the paper and clears his throat. (continuing; reads) Dear Jessy... How do I love thee?  Let me count the... (reads) Hey, it's the will.  (continuing) ... who have given me and the rest of humanity so much mirth and merriment... the Toons. The Toon crowd erupts with a Well, Eddie, you still think I'm a patsy, a simp, a chump? Eddie wipes the spit off his face. I guess I am at that.  Cigar? Roger holds out a large stogie. And I'm glad you got your sense of humor back.  Think you'll keep it? From this box here... Valiant glances down.  The box says, \"Acme Exploding Cigars\". He looks to Roger, but it's too late. ", "ROGER:": "wearing the playpen like a pillory, comes running toward the kitchen.  But the playpen is too wide to clear the door.  The impact now shaped like a block of ice, falls out and hits the floor. The block gasps and rockets out the window toward Baby Herman.  The rope snaps.  The safe falls.  Roger arrives just in time to pluck the Baby out of harm's way.  But not in time to save himself.  The safe", "ROGER'S POV": "Baby Herman is crawling along the sidewalk under the shadow of a safe being hoisted into a second floor window by the Acme Safe Moving Company.  The rope holding the safe is fraying down to a slender thread.", "DIRECTOR:": "Nothin' with you, Baby Herman.  It's on Roger... again! (over shoulder) Hey!  Could we lose the playback? The (continuing) What's this, Roger? That's right, a tweeting bird.  But what does the script say?  'Rabbit gets conked.  Rabbit sees stars!'  Not birds, stars! Page 4/121 I've already dropped it on you twenty-three times. I'm not worried about you.  I'm worried about the safe.", "CONTINUED PULLBACK.": "What we've been seeing has been from the", "MAROON:": "Starting tomorrow there'll be no more roast beef lunches.  What happened to cheese sandwiches?  I was raised on cheese sandwiches. As the Assistants dutifully record his thoughts, Maroon sees a (continuing) And tell that guy sleepin' over there he's fired! (reconsiders) Oh... tell him he's promoted.  But get him out of my sight. As the Assistants disperse, Maroon approaches Valiant. Valiant, did you see the rabbit? So what?  He's already put me three weeks behind on the shooting schedule! Now an (continuing) That's funny.  Put a homburg on him it'll even be funnier.  Huh, Valiant? He grabs the pad and shows Valiant.  The rendering is of a hippo in a pink polka-dot tu-tu. Boy, I hope what you have ain't contagious or I'll be out of business. He hands the pad back to the designer, who departs. (continuing) How much do you know about show business, Valiant? Yeah, and there's no business as expensive.  I'm twenty-five grand over budget on the latest Bunnysitter cartoon and it's all because that rabbit can't keep his mind on his work. And you know why? (continuing) Here's the problem... (reads) \"Seen cooing over calamari with notsonew Sugar Daddy was Jessica Rabbit... wife of Maroon star, Roger\". Get me a couple juicy pictures. Somethin' I can wise the rabbit up with. You don't have to.  The rabbit's wife sings at an underground Toon revue joint called The Ink & Paint Club.  You can catch her in action there. A hundred bucks?  That's ridiculous. All right, all right... You got your hundred bucks. Maroon turns, snaps his fingers.  His Assistant appears out of nowhere with Maroon's checkbook and a pen.  The Assistant turns and stoops so that Maroon can write the check on his back. (continuing) Fifty now, fifty when you deliver the pictures. Maroon tears the check off and hands it to Valiant.  Suddenly Valiant ducks in reflex to a large shadow that passes overhead. (continuing; chuckles) Kinda jumpy aren't you, Valiant?  It's just Dumbo. I got him on loan from Disney. When will I hear from you? hands Roger his handkerchief.  Roger Take comfort, son, you're not the first man whose wife played pattycake on him. Page 21/121 The pictures don't lie.  Mr. Valiant here took them himself. Roger takes another look at the pictures. Frankly, I'm shocked.  Marvin Acme's been my friend and neighbor for thirty years. Maroon gestures out the window.  We see a blinking neon sign on the roof of the building across the street -- \"Acme - If It's Acme - It's A Gasser!\" (continuing) Who would have thought he was the Sugar Daddy? Maroon turns and carries the drink to Roger.  Meanwhile, Valiant sidles over to the bar to help himself. Page 22/121 (continuing) Well, the important thing now Roger, is to put all this behind you. (hands him drink) Drink this, son, you'll feel better. (continuing) I know this all seems painful now, but you'll find someone new.  Won't he, Mr, Valiant? Eddie has just picked up the decanter to pour one for himself. Sure, Valiant, sure... Maroon sits at the desk and writes a check. Being experienced in these matrimonial matters, you have any advice for our friend here? Page 23/121 Maybe money grows on trees in Toontown, but not at the Maroon Studio. Trying to scare up a bidding war between me and Jack Warner, eh?  Well, it won't work.  I'll call William Morris and I'll have 'em put out a rabbit call the likes of which this town's never seen! And stop callin' me Doc! Valiant?  What're you doin' here? I've already seen your photographs. So... trying to pull a fast one on me, huh? Jessica turns, startled.  She stands and faces Maroon. (on phone) Have you got the will? (on phone) Meet me at my studio at nine o'clock. If you've got the will maybe we can stop this thing. Valiant!  You surprised me. No... I'm not.  I'm a cartoon maker, not a murderer. No, you gotta understand, Valiant, I had nothin' to do with Acme gettin' killed.  I just wanted to sell my studio.  But they wouldn't buy my property unless Acme would sell his. And he wouldn't.  So I was gonna (continuing) But then it all went to hell.  I been around Toons all my life.  I can't sit around and see them all destroyed. Maroon eyes Valiant's black bag. Page 89/121 (continuing) You got the will in there, don't ya? You tricked me, damn you! There's no time to take it easy!  You don't realize the diabolical mind we're dealing with! If I don't get that will by midnight tonight, Toontown's just gonna be land for the free...", "ASSISTANT:": "It's your wife's brother,", "VALIANT:": "He was blowin' his lines, all right. So what? (deadpan) Yeah, that'd be a riot. Maroon responds to Valiant's sarcasm with raised eyebrows. Only there's no business like it, no business I know. Valiant watches an One too many safes dropped on his head? So what do you want me to do? I don't work in Toontown. The job's gonna cost you a hundred bucks. So's the job. Valiant starts to walk away. Page 8/121 Aren't you the lucky one... Valiant grabs the check from Maroon and starts for the gate. As soon as is humanly possible. We (coughs) Damn Toons. hops off his freeloader's seat on the back, takes the note and walks back across the street toward the terminal.  He climbs up a flight of stairs, heading for a bar on the mezzanine.  The bar sports a red neon sign that used to blink, \"The Terminal Station Bar\".  But now it just says, \"Terminal\". enters this den, lets his eyes adjust for a moment, then bellies up to the bar.  He finds a spot between a Hey, fellas, what's the good word? Well, you know what they say about dames, Augie... Then Valiant mouths the rest of it for Augie's benefit only. Augie reads his lips, then starts to roar silently, slapping his thigh.  Now Dolores makes her way down the bar.  She grabs the Midget by the suspenders and slides him out of the Would this be the same dame who's going to feel awfully foolish when she finds out I've got her money. Valiant slides the check across the bar.  Dolores studies it. She calms down a little. You'll have it in the morning.  Now be a sport and lemme have twenty bucks to put in my pocket. Check the scrawl. Get this straight, greaseball.  I'm not workin' for a Toon!  I'd never work for a Toon!  Got that? Valiant jams the whole egg into Angelo's mouth, turns and storms out the door.  Angelo sputters and spits out the egg. Walt sent me. The peephole slides closed and after a beat the door swings open. Like your monkey suit. He lights a cigarette impassively, not humored by the Toon hijinx.  He spots an empty table off to the side and makes his way towards it.  A Scotch. Just as long as there's no maximum. That's it for you, pops! Well, why don't you make like the ink? Valiant drops him into his chair and returns to his seat. The Penguin glides up with his drinks.  Valiant swallows the first one with one quick jerk of the head. Wish I could say the same.  What're you doin' here, Betty? Yeah, you still got it, Betty. (indicates Geezer) Page 16/121 Shoulda guessed. Big on the musical comedy, huh? Who're you callin' chump, chimp? The Gorilla smiles sadistically when he recognizes Valiant. Ooga-booga. The Gorilla slams the door.  Valiant picks himself up out of the garbage.  He brushes himself off, then starts down the alley toward the rear of the building.  We Jesus Christ... As he starts Baker's man... but no use ruinin' a good pair of shoes over it. Well, you better start thinkin' about drinkin' it black. (over shoulder) Oh, yeah.  Good lookin' guy like him. Dames'll be breakin' his door down. Son-of-a-bitch... (turns) Mr. Maroon, I think I'll be goin' now, so about the rest of my fee... My advice?  Hop on over to Reno, get yourself a quickie divorce. At least he took it well. Lieutenant Santino... how ya doin'? Santino ignores the question and regards Valiant with a mixture of disgust and pity. Page 24/121 That's what you woke me up for? Santino flops open the morning paper.  Valiant's eyes narrow as he reads it.  The headline Just haven't been this close to Toontown for awhile. What a gasser. Makes you wonder what in the world she was doin' with a guy who didn't clean his fingernails. peels a piece of it off... it chips and falls to the ground. He squats to examine it. It's not blood, it's paint. Suddenly the end of a cane comes down on Valiant's hand, pinning it to the floor.  Valiant follows the cane He's not my client.  I was workin' for Hey, pal, do I look like a stenographer? Men?  They look more like weasles to me. Why would he contact me?  I just took some lousy pictures. Have you tried Walla Walla?  Kokomo's very nice this time of year. Doom steps into Valiant's face. (aside) Where'd this gargoyle come from anyway? What's with the dip? Jesus. Doom pulls off the black rubber gloves finger by finger and hands them to a Weasle.  He turns to Valiant. What are you complaining about?  Here's your fifty bucks. Valiant slides the check across the bar. What's with Earl? No kiddin'?  Bought the Red Cars, huh? Here's to the pencil pushers.  May they all get lead poisoning. Page 33/121 I know, I know... poor I don't wanna think.  I wanna drink. I know who you are.  Kinda out of your neighborhood, aren't you? You mean the rabbit?  They got him cold. My problem is I come here to drink in peace.  So if you don't mind... Thanks for the vote of confidence. So where is it then? Stick to stuffin' the olives, willya, Dolores? Yeah?  Does he wear pants this color? Valiant takes the paint chip out of his pocket and dangles it in front of Baby Herman. My next move?  That's easy.  I'm gettin' up, and I'm walkin' out the door, and I'm goin' home to bed. Valiant stands. He's a Toon... who cares? Baby Herman shakes his head sorrowfully.  As Valiant heads for the door, Dolores whaps her towel down on the bar. still with his back to Roger, sits down exhaustedly on the bed and kicks off his shoes.  He lies back and pulls the covers over him.  He closes his eyes, rolls over to get comfortable.  Now he and Roger are nose-to-nose.  They both open their eyes at the same time.  They freak. (screams) Aah! What the hell are you doin'? So I hear.  Even talkin' to you could get me a rap for aiding and abetting. Oh, yeah?  Then how'd you find my house? Look, pal, if you're still here when I finish this drink, I'm callin' the police. If you're so innocent, why'd you run? That's it. He crosses to the phone on the counter.  He lifts the receiver and starts to dial. Page 40/121 The goddamn will. Get away from that window. Roger, elated, jumps into Valiant's arms. For starters... don't ever kiss me. I'll talk to 'em.  Find a place to hide. Roger zips to the closet door and goes inside. (continuing) Not in there.  That's the first place they'll look. Valiant goes to the closet and opens the door.  Hey!  What do you think you're doin'? Don't ever forget that. This way, goof... They start across the street.  But Roger goes on one side of the Street sign, Eddie the other.  Roger coils around it like a tether ball.  Valiant yanks Roger off the sign and they duck across the street just as a trolley car passes. Hurry, hurry... At the last second, the window opens.  Eddie jumps for the sill, Roger dangling from the cuffs as the trolley passes. Dolores, meet Roger Rabbit. Roger bows at the waist, takes her hand and kisses it like Charles Boyer The Toon Fairy left him under my pillow. Page 45/121 Oh, yeah?  Well, you're not handcuffed to him. (holds up cuffs) Anybody in the back room? I oughta have my head examined. (to Roger) Will you hold still? Roger quiets like a child for a moment as Valiant saws feverishly.  Then Roger slips his hand out of the cuff and holds his side while Eddie keeps sawing. You mean to tell me you coulda taken your hand outta that cuff at any time? Are you always this funny, or only on days when you're wanted for murder? Yeah... well you just might get your wish. If I can find whoever wanted to kill Acme bad enough to get this. Valiant throws the pattycake picture down on the table. Dolores and Roger both examine it closely. Yeah.  I think Maroon plays the part of the sound mind, your wife the sound body. Your wife may be a lot of things, pal, but innocent isn't one of them. Maybe Baby Herman was right.  Somebody wants Acme's property.  Cack the old man, pin it on Roger, and destroy the will. Yeah.  Except they screwed up.  I don't think they got the will. Well, Acme had the will in his pocket that night at the club.  It was gone in the morning when the cops found the body. Because he's not forty feet tall.  The safe was up on the ceiling, remember? Dolores whistles over his deductions. Yeah, do that.  I'm gonna go rattle Maroon's cage. Valiant finishes sawing the cuffs.  He stands and throws the cuffs aside.  Valiant and Dolores go to the door.  Roger follows them eagerly. Nothin', no one, nowhere, He slams the door. This'll be fine, huh, Augie? Augie nods his head.  They sit and pick up the menus.  Augie takes one peek and looks at Valiant, alarmed.  He scribbles a note.  Valiant reads it. Forget about the prices, pal.  If you want the shrimp cocktail, you have a shrimp cocktail. (puts menu down) Excuse me, Augie, I've got a little Hi, Mr. Maroon.  Remember me? I Just thought I'd drop by and show you a photograph. Yeah, but I enlarged this one.  Thought you might be interested. Valiant takes an enlargement of the pattycake shot and puts it on the table in front of Maroon.  We can clearly see the will sticking out of Acme's pocket. Anyway... enjoy your lunch. Valiant stands and departs.  But his visit has done it's trick.  Maroon looks l'ike he's seen a ghost.  We How is that, Augie, pretty good? Augie nods enthusiastically.  Valiant keeps an eye on Maroon's booth.  Now he nudges Augie as Maroon excuses himself and goes into the phone booth just outside the door. Augie puts his shrimp fork down and picks up his pencil. (reading) Somebody's gonna have to take care of him. Augie looks up from his scribbling to exchange an eyebrow raising glance with Valiant.  Then he turns back to Maroon again. (reading) The old man had it at the club that night.  That's right.  Yeah, I'm sure. I'll be there. Augie stops writing as Maroon hangs up the phone. (continuing; to Augie) Where? Augie shrugs his shoulders.  Disappointed, Valiant lights a cigarette.  Now Augie elbows him and gestures across at Maroon, who's making another call.  Augie starts writing (continuing; reading) Iris... cancel my appointments this afternoon.  I'll be at Forest Lawn. Maroon hangs up the phone and comes out of the phone booth. He hustles out of the room.  Valiant stands. You did great, Augie.  Have another shrimp cocktail. Page 52/121 (impressed) Love that Red Car. As Valiant starts to walk up the hill... smiles and leans in.  This is the moment he's been waiting for.  Now just as the conversation begins, it is drowned out by the Not anymore... Girl's gotta protect herself. Valiant puts the gun back in the purse and closes the drawer. As he stands, he pauses to consider a Hurrel-like black-and-white photo of Roger Rabbit in a silver deco frame. He's dramatically posed with a cigarette like he was Tyrone Power. stands, pleased.  He opens the blue folder.  But it's empty. Valiant puts it in his inside pocket and turns to go when suddenly an unseen hand flicks the lights off. Son of a bitch... We can't see anything in the darkness.  But we hear the Ask her... Valiant nods toward Jessica, who stands coolly smoking a cigarette. Look, doll, if I wanted underwear, I woulda broken into Frederick's of Hollywood.  I was lookin' for Marvin Acme's will. He had a will, all right.  She took it off Acme the night she and I found the cover the will came in behind the dressing table. Valiant reaches into his pocket.  But the blue envelope is gone. Page 58/121 (continuing) They must've taken it off me. The other people who were in here lookin' for the will.  I woulda caught 'em if Cheetah here hadn't interrupted me. The Gorilla makes a move for Valiant.  Doom stops him. Downtown?  Fine.  Get a hold of Santino, I'd be more than glad to talk to him. (nervous) You're not takin' me to downtown Toontown? (very agitated) I ain't tellin' you nothin'!  Get me Santino. (screaming) No... you bastards!  Leggo of me! Earl... it's me, Valiant. Toon cops worked me over. (apprehensively) What am No... Not much.  It's hard to talk. Kid, if you hit me on the head, I'm gonna throw you out this window. The Kid's eyes widen in terror.  This is not a typical Toon response. That's because I don't have a doorbell. Jessica, caught in her lie, flutters her eyelids nervously. Okay, you've seen me.  Now give me a towel. As she hands him a towel, she stares down at his anatomy. Come on, lady, haven't you ever seen a mole before? Yeah, I'll bet you would.  You gotta have the rabbit to make the scam work. Oh, sure.  I can just feature you standin' outside your little hutch, holdin' a carrot cake waitin' for hubby to come home. Yeah, well, you don't know how hard it is bein' a man looking at a woman looking the way you do. I'm not complainin'.  But give me credit.  I'm the guy who took the pictures of you and Acme playin' pattycake, remember? Jessica takes a cigarette out of her purse.  She lights it and blows a cloud of Toon smoke.  It forms a recreation of So altruistic. Cause I don't take Acme Dumb Pills.  I don't know what you're up to, lady, but I'm gonna nail you for the Acme murder. This cup of turpentine right here.  Go for that gun in your purse and I'm gonna let you have it. Jessica breaks down and starts sobbing. Dolores... Dolores regards Jessica with undisguised contempt. That was the rabbit's wife. Probably lookin' for a good place to stick a knife. Maroon, right? (startled) What the hell would they want with a gag factory? What's that comin' from the bar? Oh, no... As Valiant grabs his pants... Why, you crazy Toon... I've been out there riskin' my neck for you.   I come back here and you're singin' and dancin'. And when they're done laughin' , they're gonna call the cops.  That guy Angelo would rat on you for a nickel! An arsonist and a kidnapper.  He just got outta prison. Just because you got 'em to laugh? I think I prefer the Smith and Wesson variety. Page 69/121 Well, right now it's gonna be your funereal. Valiant takes his fist back to belt Roger.  Roger stands stoicly, jaw thrust forward, eyes closed. You're driving me crazy, you know that? Let's go... you ruined this as a hiding place. Valiant grabs Roger by the scruff of the neck and opens the door.  But he ducks back in quickly. Must be my cologne... Eau Dc Carrot. You know, Doom, I don't know who's Toonier, you or the rabbit. Doom just smiles and knocks the pattern out on the crate. I don't think it's gonna matter. Sorry, pal, I tried. Hey, doesn't the rabbit even get a last request? I think you want a drink. (to Doom) How about it, Judge? Yeah?  Well, don't expect the Toons to give you a gold watch. Valiant pours a glass of whiskey filling it all the way to the rim.  He holds it out to Roger. (continuing) Here you go, kid... say hi to Casper for me. Drink it, jerk.  All of it. He grabs Roger's hand and forces the drink into it.  Roger shrugs his shoulders and shoots the drink down.  We've seen the reaction before.  Suddenly Roger's head turns into a Page 75/121 If I'm so smart, how come I'm runnin' from the law with a Toon? Valiant opens the door of the Toon Control wagon, and flings Roger inside roughly. What do I do? Hard to imagine. Benny zig-zags through traffic, scooting between cars, but the Motorcycle Cops manage to stay on his tail.  Up ahead, traffic is stopped in his lane.  With nowhere to go, Benny passes a trolley car moving down the center of the street. Suddenly, he swerves in front of the trolley to elude the Grab it, you idiot! Finally, at the last second, Roger reaches down and picks the dynamite up like a hot potato.  He flips it out of the Roadster. The brakes!  The brakes! Benny hits the brakes.  Smoke pours out as they burn up and the momentum is barely broken. Thanks, Benny. sticks his key in the door and unlocks it.  Roger studies the banner. My brother.  Get inside. He pushes Roger into the office. We can't do anything till it's dark. Valiant picks up some yellowed newspapers off the couch and dumps them on the floor.  They leave a clean spot on the couch. What is this, Twenty Questions? Valiant grabs the picture from Roger and re-hangs it. (continuing) I'm gonna get some sleep.  I suggest you do the same. : Valiant stretches out on the couch.  Roger nudges him to move over so he can lie down.  Grudgingly, Valiant slides over a startled from his sleep, reflexively shoves Roger away from him.  He flies into a swivel chair and goes spinning around. You damn Toon!  No wonder they picked you for the patsy.  Always gotta play the fool.  You make me sick! You wanna know?  Well, since you're so goddamn curious, I'll tell ya.  One of you Toons killed my brother. Yeah, a Toon.  It was the guy who killed Bambi's mother. Yeah, everybody thought so.  But me and Teddy got a kick out of Toons.  All Toons.  We couldn't see the bad in 'em. And when this guy was accused of Page 84/121 Piano.  Guy got away, disappeared into Toontown.  Nobody ever saw him again. Now the Get away from there. The No, it's not. Valiant goes to the phone anticipating a (continuing) Dolores? : I'll bet. What've I got to lose?  You okay, Dolores? That'll work out just fine.  When this thing is over, I'll take you to Catalina.  How does that sound? He Maroon?  Whaddaya want? Stop what? That's why I'll be there at Forget it. Valiant reaches into the safe for a .38 revolver.  He checks the cylinder. Then he takes out a wooden box about 8\" X 12\". He closes the safe, picks up a black doctor's bag and puts the box and the revolver into it. How much is a shave and a haircut, Roger? I rest my case. Valiant goes to the door, pauses. (continuing) If I don't make it back here by ten... ... I'd head for Cucamonga. Valiant closes the door, leaving Roger alone.  Roger paces back and forth manically. Steady, That was the idea. Valiant takes over the pouring duties.  He turns and carries Maroon's drink to him.  Maroon goes and sits down in his chair.  He looks to the pistol hiding place.  Valiant casually sits on the desk, putting his legs over the drawer. You're not too good at this, are you, Well, everybody needs a hobby. No, I don't. Take it easy. sees a reflection of the gun on the glass on a movie poster on the wall.  He turns.  But it's too late.  And the home of the brave? Valiant crawls to the window where the shots came from.  He looks out. grabs his black bag, climbs out of the office window and jumps off the fire escape to the lot below. slams on his brakes.  The Packard goes fishtailing, finally spinning to a stop at the foot of the \"Toontown\" sign. Valiant gets out of the car.  He looks down the tunnel.  He's sweating.  He loosens his necktie.  He paces back and forth at the tunnel mouth.  He looks up at the Toontown sign and suddenly smashes it with his fist.  It spins around like a picks the gun up and hefts it respectfully.  Then he opens an ammo section in the wooden box. '46. Drunk. He opens the cylinder. (continuing) Feelin' frisky tonight, boys? watches as a cut glass chandelier falls out of the sky and I hate Toontown... As Jimmy croons on, Valiant emerges from the tunnel. What the hell are you doin' in there? I'm making sure you don't help me anymore. He locks the cuff to it, and heads across the street. Well... I always figured I'd get it in Toontown. You shot Roger. Lady, I guess I had you pegged wrong. Why didn't you tell me? We're even.  By the way, I did find your husband. He's right here in the... Valiant rounds the corner and points toward the spot where the car used to be.  But all that remains is a crumpled bumper. Page 97/121 (continuing) ... car. He shakes his head and looks around for signs of Roger. How did you get onto Doom? So where is it? A joker to the end. Now Weasles are coming at them from every direction.  Valiant aims the Toon .38 at a Toon tank rolling their way.  But when he pulls the trigger, the gun just Lemme guess where you got that from. Tell me somethin', what'd you ever see in that guy anyway? Well, do you prefer to die this way or that way? Page 99/121 Benny. The Roadster looks back approvingly as Jessica climbs in with Eddie. I don't see any bridge. Hold on a second. climbs back into Benny.  The Roadster takes off again, making a skidding left turn onto the main drag.  As they make their break into the Toontown tunnel... The pot's callin' the kettle maniacal. So you're Cloverleaf? turns his attention from the brick wall back to Doom. Don't you think anyone's gonna notice that Toontown's gone? What the hell's a freeway? That's what this is all about?  Tell me, who's gonna use your lousy freeway? We got the Red Cars, the best public transportation in the country. Real good, Rog... but maybe you better let me take over. Page 108/121 Hey! The Weasle turns to him. (continuing) Before you pull the trigger, I want you to know somethin' about the guy you're about to dip. Suddenly, Eddie breaks into the \"Looney Tooney Song\".  The song Roger had sung in the bar.  The silly voice that comes (continuing; sings) 'His name is Roger Rabbit He's got a crazy habit...' Valiant starts skulking across the floor.  It's a cross between Groucho Marx and a Chuck Berry Duck Walk. (continuing; sings) 'He likes to sing and dance and yuk So brighten up and smile you schmuck...' Valiant starts \"hoo-hooing\", slapping himself in the 'Now my name's Eddie V I'm looney too you'll see' Valiant flips into a handstand and starts walking on his hands. Page 111/121 (continuing) (continuing) Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo... One by one, the Weasles keel over... dead.  Opaque hitches a ride on the last ascending Weasle Spirit, letting it hoist him to the top of the truck.  As he moves the Weasle body off the trigger... turns to see Doom stick his flattened thumb in his mouth.  He blows, re-inflating himself.  His glasses Holy shit, he's a Toon! Not really.  Only a Toon could think of something as goofy as that freeway idea. Doom takes the black rubber gloves off, You? lowers Roger and Jessica to the ground.  We Hi-ho, the Doom is dead. Doom. That was the murderer of Herman Acme, Maroon... and my brother. Dolores looks down at the front of Valiant's shirt.  A dark stain is appearing. Page 117/121 That's not blood.  That's ink.  That goof Acme squirted me with some the other day.  Why it's comin' 'through now, I don't know. Yeah... Say Roger, remember that love letter you wrote your wife at the Ink & Paint Club? I think you oughta read it to her. Keep reading... No, kid, you're a real hero. Why not? Roger lights Eddie's and one for himself. (continuing) By the way, Roger, you were right about your wife.  She's a good lady.  I'm glad you got her back. Only time will tell. Valiant puffs on the cigar. (continuing) Pretty good cigar.  Where'd you get it?", "COSTUMER:": "Your reaction,", "CONDUCTOR:": "What do I look like, a bank? The Conductor jerks his thumb toward the door.  Valiant suffers the public humiliation,of having to step down past the rest of the boarding passengers.  He walks around to the back of the Red Car where a gang of", "DISSOLVE TO:": "A ", "It reads:": "Finest Public Transportation System\". ", "KID:": "So long, mister. Valiant waves laconically. Can Hi, Mr. Pig.  If I hit you on the head, will you make me a cuckoo bird? The Kid starts to take a swing with the bat. (crying) Mommy!", "It says:": "", "SOLDIER:": "Lost my job. An", "DOLORES:": "So, makin' dame jokes, huh, Eddie? Well, lemme remind ya pal, it was a dame who took a hundred bucks out of the till so your landlord would't throw you out of your dump.  And it was a dame who trusted you for the money This is fifty bucks.  I need seventy-five before they check the books tomorrow. (reads) Toon killed his brother. Hey, Eddie, looks like you really stepped in it this time. A new outfit bought the Red Car.  Some big company called Cloverleaf Industries. Bastards put him on notice. Valiant picks up his glass. lifts it in toast to the Trolleyman. Eddie, get him down from there.  He's gonna break his neck. Eddie grabs Earl around the legs and throws him over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.  He carries him over to a booth and puts him down carefully, covering him with a tablecloth. Do you think the rabbit did it? We don't serve formula. Snookums. Yeah... Baby Herman slides his baby bottle down the bar to Dolores. Page 34/121 (over her shoulder) Oh, a ladies man, huh? (chiming in) Yeah, Eddie, it's not like you got an ad in the Yellow Pages. The papers said the safe door was opened, Eddie. Well, I'll be... So you're not even gonna bother to find out if the rabbit's gettin' framed? Well, you used to care, Eddie.  And it didn t matter if a client's skin was black, white, or painted! Valiant ignores her and walks out the door. (startled) Mother Mary... Now Eddie's face comes into view.  He motions for her to open the window. Jesus, Eddie, is this who I think it is? Where'd you find him? He's a riot. It's all yours. We So you decided to help him after all? Can you get him out of it, Eddie? Acme's will. So what's the scam, Eddie? Maybe they just took it out of his pocket. Eddie, you still got it.  Hey, tomorrow maybe I'll go down to probate court and see who's sniffin' around Acme's estate? Lemme guess... your cousin from Des Moines? Jessica straightens her dress. Must you? What was that? The rabbit's wife?  Wanna tell me what she was doin' with her arms around you? Nope.  It's that Cloverleaf outfit again. Got me.  But unless the will shows up by Friday midnight, it's theirs. As Valiant considers this new development, he cocks an ear. In the distance, we (listens) Sounds like singin'. There's no rabbit here, so don't harass my customers. Doom turns to Dolores. I was hopin' you'd be there.  Maroon's called here about four times.  He says he's gotta talk to you tonight.  He says he can help you. Are you gonna call him, Eddie? Yeah... they closed me down for a coupla weeks. Familiar.  Be careful, Eddie. Dolores hangs up the phone. Eddie, we better get you to hospital. You're bleedin'. Valiant looks down at the stain. I'll treat you to a new shirt.  After all, you did save Toontown.", "ANGELO:": "Maroon?  Valiant, don't tell me you're workin' for a Toon?  Who's your client? Chilly Willy or Screwy Squirrel? Angelo chuckles at his own joke and goes to eat his egg. Suddenly Valiant darkens.  He grabs Angelo by the shirt and pulls him up to his face. What's his problem? Hey, I seen a rabbit... Angelo looks defensively at all his cronies and back to Doom. (continuing) He's right here in the bar. But instead of pointing to the back of the bar, he talks to the empty barstool beside him. (continuing) Say 'ello, Harvey. The tension is broken.  Everybody at the bar starts", "INT. CLUB": "The Gorilla, dressed in a tux, gives Valiant the once over. Valiant resents the assessment. Page 13/121", "GORILLA:": "Wise ass... We Hey, whaddaya think you're doin', chump? Oh, it's da comedian... The Gorilla grabs Valiant by the belt and lifts him off the ground.  He opens the fire door and heaves Valiant out. And don't lemme catch your peepin' face around here again.  Got it? And here I tought we had mice. Valiant tries to make a break for it.  ... I caught him rummagin' around in here.  Then I called you, Judge, on a counta you be da one we pay juice to.", "ON STAGE:": " Donald and Daffy's the dour", "THE AUDIENCE:": "is", "GEEZER:": "Will you listen to that?  It's a pip! I'm thinking of callin' it a Whoopee Cushion. Valiant reaches under himself and comes up holding a deflated rubber bladder.  The Geezer retrieves it from him. Page 14/121 (continuing) No hard feelings, I hope.  Put 'er there... The Geezer grabs Valiant's hand before he can say no.  We (continuing) Hand buzzer... real gasser. Valiant rolls his eyes and grabs a Penguin as it glides by. Waiter, I'll sign my check now. The Penguin puts a bill down on the Geezer's table and zips off.  The Geezer takes a fountain pen out of his jacket and writes on the bill.  But there doesn't seem to be any ink coming out.  He shakes and shakes the pen to get it flowing. It flows all right.  Ink splatters all over Valiant's shirt (freaked) Calm down, son.  Look, the ink is gone. Valiant looks down at his shirt.  The stain is gone.", "PENGUIN:": "There's a two drink minimum.", "CIGARETTE GIRL:": "Cigars... cigarettes... Eddie? Valiant turns to see", "BETTY BOOP:": "(continuing) Gee, it's swell to see you, Eddie.  We miss you in Toontown. Work's been slow for me since the cartoons went to color.  But I still got it, Eddie... (sings) 'Boop boop be-doop'. (leans in) That's Marvin Acme, the gag king. He comes here every night to see Jessica Rabbit. Sounds like you ve never seen her, Eddie. Now the lights dim and Betty moves on.", "DROOPY:": "(deadpan) Hello, everybody.  I hope you're all having as much fun as I am.  I have a small announcement to make.  Jessica Rabbit will not be able to sing tonight. (continuing; deadpan) I was merely jesting.  Without further ado... here's woman times two, Toontown's own chanteuse par excellance... Jessica Rabbit!", "JESSICA RABBIT:": "I'm weak... you're strong.  Can't you find a place somewhere in your heart to help me? Valiant looks down at the luscious creature in his arms, considering the request.  The moment is interrupted by the Perhaps I should go. Goodbye, Eddie... don't hate me. Jessica blows Eddie a Steps out of the shadows behind him and aim the gun at his back. Don't move, Valiant. Valiant turns slowly to see Jessica's got a bead on him with her revolver. I think I got him. Jessica runs past Valiant to the figure.  He follows, bewildered. That's not Roger.  It's one of Doom's men.  He killed Don't worry, you're not the first.  We better get out of here. As they run down the alley... Page 96/121 It was Doom who killed Acme, you know? I didn't know who I could trust. (excited) Where is he? Marvin told me.  Doom was after his land.  Ne was afraid.  That's why he brought me his will. Valiant sees a Weasle skulking at them with a tommygun. When I opened up the blue envelope, all that was inside was a blank piece of paper. Looks like our goose is cooked, our hash is slung, our fait is accompli... He made me laugh. Valiant shakes his head.  Now they are completely surrounded by Weasles.  The situation looks bleak. Eddie, come on. But Valiant stands facing the Weasles, who are charging at him, swords raised.  With a sly smile, Valiant holds up the eraser end of the pencil.  This freezes the Weasles.  But as Valiant starts to erase a rope support, the eraser breaks off the pencil and falls down into the chasm.  The Weasles Get your hands off me, you little rodent! The Weasle hops away angrily and quickly frisks Valiant.  He turns to Doom and shakes his head. Dip? You're sick, Doom.  Where do people like you come from? Why'd you bother to call it a freeway? Doom steps up into their faces.  Behind him, several Weasles are fashioning a noose. Roger, darling! He's lost his mind! Roger, I want you to know I love you. I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a rabbit. My hero! Then she hugs Roger passionately.  Valiant can only shrug. Problem is without Marvin's will, the land still goes to Cloverleaf.", "BACKSTAGE:": "Valiant steps past the curtain, keeping a discreet distance. He follows Marvin Acme down a corridor and around the corner. Acme stops and knocks on a dressing room door.  After a Page 19/121", "ACME (O.S.)": "Are we going to play pattycake tonight? (hurt) But you promised...", "CUT TO:": "    ", "MORNING:": "", "LT. SANTINO": "Tell me you didn't do a snoop job for a Toon named Roger the Rabbit. You got trouble, Eddie. Now what? Let's go, somebody wants to see you. Santino leads Valiant into the factory. They say the rabbit got the safe idea from a cartoon he was makin' the other day. Wait here... Santino walks to Acme's glassed office where a sobbing Jessica Rabbit is being interrogated.  We can only see her, not the person doing the interrogating.  Valiant sidles over to where the Forensic Guys are dusting the photographs he had taken for prints.  One of the Forensic Guys looks up from his (deferential) Uh... no, Judge Doom.  Valiant here was just about to hand it over, weren't you, Valiant? Watch your mouth, Eddie, he's a judge. Doom smiles thinly at Valiant, tarns and walks with purpose towards the door.  Santino and Valiant follow. No one knows.  He bought the election a few years back.  He's been rulin' Toontown ever since. When Doom gets to the wagon, the Weasles open up the back. In place of steel bars is a stream of fluid.  A Weasle turns a key and the flow of liquid stops.  The Gopher starts That's how he gets rid of the troublemakers.  It's a combination of acetone, turpentine and paint remover. He calls it the...  Final Solution. What the hell was that? That's what I was afraid of. What the hell is that? Jesus Christ... that was the Judge? Valiant takes the paint chip out of his pocket.  He puts it up against the red slime on the robe.  It's a match.", "underneath:": "Rabbit\".  Santino throws the paper on the sofa.", "VALIANT'S POV": "The sky above the wall is a different color, a little bit more vibrant, a \"Toon Blue\", you might call it. The Toon Control wagon has stopped in front of the house. The Weasles pile out.  One of them takes what looks like a butterfly net out of the back.  Several others grab violin cases. Page 41/121 Roger has a magnifying glass an inch in front of his face that distorts his grinning face hideously. The comely silhouette of Jessica Rabbit runs to her car, jumps in and", "SANTINO:": "walks back and takes Valiant's arm.", "DOOM:": "Is this man removing evidence from the scene of a crime? I'll take that. Doom takes his cane off Eddie's hand and reaches out for the paint chip.  Valiant palms a piece and drops a smaller piece into Doom's hand.  Doom examines it. (continuing) Looks like the deceased grabbed a Page 27/121 Yes, we talked to Mr. Maroon.  He told us the rabbit became quite agitated when you showed him the pictures, and said nothing would stand in the way of him getting his wife back.  Is that true? The rabbit's movements are fairly clear after leaving the Maroon Studios.  He ran across the street, jimmied this door open, hoisted the safe on a block and tackle... ... then stood out here waiting for his prey.  After he cold-bloodedly accomplished his task, he went home. He was almost apprehended there by my men. Doom nods his head toward a group of sinister Yes, I find that weasles have a special gift for the work. (turns back to Valiant) The rabbit didn't contact you by any chance, did he? So you wouldn't have any idea where he might be? I'm surprised you aren't more cooperative, Mr. Valiant.  A human has been murdered by a Toon.  Don't you appreciate the magnitude of that?  My goal as Judge of Toontown, has been to rein in the insanity.  To bring a Why, you filthy little vagrant, you've soiled my robe! You've defiled a symbol of justice. As Doom carries the Gopher to the \"Toontown Control\" wagon, Valiant shoots a look to Santino. Voltaire... the Gopher! Suddenly. the hood ornament Yes, you do... to a swift and speedy trial. One of the Weasles retrieves a briefcase from the sedan, puts it on the hood and snaps it open.  Twelve (continuing) Court is now in session. He raps the Gopher on the head with the gavel end of his cane. (continuing) The defendant is charged with vagrancy, assault and resisting arrest.  How do you find him? The Kangaroo court delivers the verdict instantly. Twelve (continuing) Guilty as charged.  Case closed! Doom slams the briefcase shut.  He turns his attention back to the Gopher. They're not kid gloves, Mr. Valiant. but that's how we handle things in Toontown.  I would think you'd appreciate that. He gets into his car, he pauses and looks back at Valiant. (continuing) After all, didn't a Toon kill your Page 32/121 (clears throat) You did the right thing, Bongo. Marvin Acme had no will.  I should know, the probate is in my court. These are bold accusations, Mr. Valiant.  I hope you have some proof? They? Take it easy, Bongo.  We'll handle Mr. Valiant our own way... downtown. Oh, not that downtown.  Toontown. The mention of Toontown has a visible impact on Valiant. Indeed we are.  We'll continue the interrogation there. I'm looking for a rabbit.  He was last seen in this neighborhood. The barflies avoid Doom's stare and shoot covered glances to one another.  But nobody says a word.  Doom pours a drink into his newly cleaned glass... then gently pours it down Page 70/121 (continuing) You couldn't miss him.  Buck teeth. Orange pants.  About yea big. Doom squashes the Midget's head down to approximate the size. I didn't come here to harass.  I came here to reward. Doom walks around Dolores toward the back.  But Doom stops next to the blackboard.  On it is Now we'll see who laughs best... The Weasle bloodhounds through the bar with Doom striding after him.  We Valiant?  Why is it that whenever my men smell a rabbit, you're there? Valiant plumps the pillow behind his head. No, Sergeant.  That won't be necessary. Doom walks over to the locker. Page 72/121 (continuing) I know a trick that no Toon can resist. Doom raps on the locker with his knuckles.  Da-da-da-da-da... It's a familiar pattern that demands a Da-da response.  Doom moves to the desk and tries it again.  Da-da-da-da-da... moves to the milk crate the coffee can is on.  Valiant gets up off the cot. Shave... and... a haircut... Roger bursts out of the can with the lid on his head.  He responds con brio. Roger Rabbit is charged with the cold blooded murder of a human... Marvin Acme.  The jury will direct their attention to exhibits (continuing) Motive, evidence, modus operandi.  How do you find the defendant? Once again the Kangaroo court wastes no time delivering the verdict.  The Baby Kangaroos pop up with their (continuing) Guilty as charged.  Case closed! Doom slams the briefcase shut.  Now two Weasles wheel the stainless steel tub filled with dip into the bar.  Another hands Doom his black rubber gloves. (continuing) For this heinous crime, I sentence you to the dip! Well, why not?  I'm feeling magnanimous tonight.  The successful conclusion of this case draws the curtain on my career as a jurist. I'm retiring to take a new role in the private sector. After them you fools... As the Weasles regroup, Valiant tips the stainless steel tub over sending the dip spilling toward them.  The Weasles recoil from the liquid.  Even Doom takes a step backward. Are you two all right? Doom opens one of the Roadster's doors and helps Jessica out. Valiant climbs out after her.  The Weasles quickly relieve him of his Toon pistol. (continuing) These roads can be very treacherous at night, especially in a maniacal Toon vehicle. I've had enough of your insolence! (to Weasles) Put him in my car.  I think they'll enjoy attending our ribbon cutting at the Acme factory. The Weasles prod Valiant and Jessica into Doom's Lincoln.  A He's not going anywhere.  We'll send the mobile unit after him. Doom climbs into the car and it zooms off, Weasles jumping onto the running boards. Frisk them.  See if they have the will. Several Weasles rush for the opportunity to frisk Jessica. The head Weasle slaps the others away.  Then No matter. (checks watch) I don't expect the will to show up in the next fifteen minutes.  By then Cloverleaf will own Toontown quite legally. No one person is Cloverleaf.  We're a vast company with diverse interests... gasoline, tires, automobiles. It wasn't Toontown they wanted.  It was my idea of how to put the land to better use. Doom goes to the truck and starts turning on valves and starting compressors. (continuing) In fact, they thought my concept so brilliant, that they offered me the Directorship of Transportation.  I've accepted. (to Weasle) (continuing) 'Thanks for getting me out of the hoosegow.  Yosemite Sam'. (looks up) How sweet. Doom throws the gun on the ground.  He pushes back a long That's right.  Enough to dip Toontown off the face of the earth. Never mind where I come from.  Just watch where I'm going. They won't care.  Who's going to miss some ridiculous talking mice when they can have the future? Right here where we're standing, will be the cornerstone of my idea... the cloverleaf -- an elegant cement structure that intertwines freeways. A freeway, Mr. Valiant, is eight lanes of asphalt running uninterrupted from Has a nice ring.  Too bad you two won't be around to enjoy it. Suddenly Roger Put that gun down, you buck-toothed fool. Well, this is turning out better than I thought. Doom picks the gun up.  The Weasles drag Roger out from under the bricks.  Big bright stars are circling his head. Tie the lovebirds together. The Weasles twirl Toon rope around Roger and Jessica like a cocoon.  They hook them on a power winch.  Then hit a button and raise Roger and Jessica until they're suspended fifteen feet above the floor... right in the path of the Dipmobile. Doom hands Valiant's gun to the head Weasle. (continuing) Let him watch his Toon friends get dipped...  then shoot him. Doom turns and starts to walk away. Watch out, you idiot... he's going for the gun! The Weasle turns at the last second, sticking the barrel up against Valiant's nose.  Doom gets to his feet.  He glowers at the Weasle and knocks him on the head with the gavel head of his cane.  Doom stalks out of the room. Nooooo! Jessica and Roger avert their eyes as the steamroller crushes Doom. Valiant breathes a sigh of relief.  He starts for the dip truck as the cannon swings back toward Roger and Jessica. But neither of them are watching the cannon.  Their eyes are Surprised? Is that so?  Well, we'll see who's the goofy one. (continuing) By the way, when I killed your brother, Teddy, I used to talk just like this. Doom spesks in a Toony high-pitched squeak.  Valiant Page 115/121 That's right, me. (continuing) Now Eddie's gonna be deady, just like Teddy. With his last ounce of strength, Valiant grabs the Acme Boxing Glove.  He pops it.  The glove extends across the room, punching the release lever on the dip truck. ", ":": "", "GOPHER:": "Oh, no, Judge, please, please, lemme go.  I think I hear my mother callin' me. Finally, the Gopher breaks free and makes a desperate dash for the wall.  Doom watches him run and calmly turns to where his car is parked.  It's a black Lincoln touring car with an Hey, don't I have any rights? Oh no, not the dip!  Anything but the dip!  I'm too young to die... As the Judge pulls on a black rubber glove, the Weasles take out a stainless steel tub Help!  Help!  He... The Gopher's gone.  All that's left of him is a paint slick on the surface of the liquid.", "G-U-I-L-T-Y.": "", "THE GOPHER:": "is wriggling and", "TROLLEYMAN:": "(mumbling to himself) Thirty-five years and all I got to show for it is a ticket punch. (wistfully) The old Number Six Line... who'da thought they'd close that one down? Took you right to Toontown, it did.", "VOICE:": "(on phone) Excuse me, gentlemen... Eddie and Roger turn.  A snazzy I guess they didn't clean up after the last moider. Valiant whips around to see a", "L.A.P.D.?": "Valiant slowly returns the phone to the cradle,", "EXT. BUNGALOW": "The Weasles are filing up the walk to the front door.  The leader pounds on the front door.", "WEASLE:": "Police... Oyez... oyez... oyez... court is now in session. Valiant and Dolores are led out by a couple Weasles holding guns on them.  As Doom snaps the briefcase open on the bar, Page 73/121 What about him?", "INT. BUNGALOW": "Valiant puts Roger down.", "WEASLE (O.S.)": "Open up!", "INT. APARTMENT": "The Weasles don't bother to look around.  They all just start", "THE WEASLES:": "come bloodhounding around the corner.  They search the street for signs of the fugitive.  But when they get to the trolley tracks, they stop, bewildered. pull a groggy Valiant upright and plop him in a chair in front of Doom. always quick with a laugh,", "INT. KITCHEN": "Dolores helps pull Valiant through the window.  Then he drags Roger inside.", "BUGS BUNNY:": "Look, Doc, fiduciary considerations aside, Roger Rabbit may have been willing to play second banana to an ankle-biter, but I ain't. Eh, sure, Doc. Now Valiant arrives, pulls up a chair from next table and sits down.", "AGENT:": "I think you should know,", "AUGIE'S POV": "We see Maroon talk on the phone", "VALIANT (V.O.)": "It's me.  Valiant says there's a will. I don't know what he's trying to pull...", "FOGHORN LEGHORN.": "", "FOGHORN LEGHORN:": "Today we commit the body of brother Acme to the cold, I say cold, cold ground.  We shed no tears for we know that Marvin is going to a better place. That high, high, I say that high-larious place up in the sky. Give us a sign, brother Herman, that you've arrived... Much to the funeral Director's amazement, the crank starts", "TOONS:": "(in unison) A-men! (singing) Round and round the mullberry bush, The monkey chased the weasle... The crank and (continuing; singing) The monkey raid it all was in fun. ", "GARDENER:": "Somethin' you want, mister?", "QUACK)": "Phooey!  Out of tune again!", "BLACKOUT.": "", "INT. WAGON": "The Weasles look over at the bound and gagged Valiant.  One of them turns Valiant's head to look at the Toontown sign.", "EXT. TUNNEL": "The wagon disappears into the murky darkness. ", "EARL:": "Here's one for the books... a Toon wearin' human clothes. Eddie?  Jesus, what happened? Boy, I'll say.  They gave you a real Toon-a-Roo. You're a pig... a happy-go-lucky pig. Uh, Eddie, do me a favor.  Could you sit in the back so you won't cause as much of a commotion. Valiant tries to pull the brim of his hat down.  But it's comically small on the huge head.  He makes his way down the aisle past a veritable gauntlet of", "MOMMY:": "Go ahead, darling.  Take your bat. The Kid takes his baseball bat and approaches Valiant innocently.", "VALIANT (O.S.)": "Dammit!", "DOLORES (O.C.)": "Dabblin' in watercolors, Eddie? Valiant, still in just a towel, sheepishly turns to face Dolores, who's standing in the doorway.", "INT. CAB": "Eddie goes to start the vehicle but the key is gone.   Now from behind them comes a", "ROADSTER:": "If you effect my extrication, I could offer you some carburetion. Page 76/121 Well... what're we waitin' for, the William Tell Overture? You don't have to do nothin'... With a ferocious (continuing) Uh... except hang onto your hat. The Roadster Read all about it, Benny's back in town! Up ahead, an egg delivery truck is double-parked in their lane.  Benny snaps around just as they're about to crash into the back of the truck.  There's nowhere to go.   But Benny's cool. Going up... Suddenly, just before impact, the Toon suspension on the car accordions up, giving it a clearance of about fifteen feet... just enough to get over the truck. Reckless driving.  Do you believe that? Hold your breath, babies... Benny sucks in his girth and gets on his tip-toes as the trollies pass on either side of them. Hate to sound like Chicken Little, but is the sky falling or what? Eddie and Roger turn to see the dynamite, fuse burning low. Valiant makes a desperate grab for it.  But it rolls under the front seat.  Roger jumps in Eddie's lap. Maybe it's my imagination, but I always seem to run better after I've had a wash. (turns) Now where can I drop you cats? As Benny If you ever need me, just stick out your thumb. Need a lift? Valiant does a take. Mr. Valiant, you've made a vast improvement in the company you keep. Benny blasts through a couple of Weasles.  They swing back and forth like tavern doors, then topple. He takes a hard right into the next block which is the Toon Arctic.  His tires turn into skis.  He slaloms back and forth Look, the drawbridge -- we're gonna make it. That's because you gotta draw it first. Benny takes a pencil hanging from a post lettered \"Draw Bridge\".  He wets the pencil point and in a flash draws a bridge.  It's a rickety rope bridge.  Using the pencil as a balancing pole, Benny starts to tiptoe across. The Weasles jump off t'heir camels and start filing onto the Uh-oh... whoaaa...!  Look out! His tires smoke, then disappear. It's a dip slick.  Without tires, Benny spins out of control, finally ending up in the bushes roadside. Before Eddie and Jessica can make a move, they are surrounded by a horde of Weasles pointing what looks like a hundred guns The boinin', the boinin'... He makes it down into the drainage ditch, dipping his tootsies one by one.  There's a Roger! Roger sees him and slams on the brakes, skidding the Packard into the Toontown sign. Doom's got your wife and Valiant.  He took them to the Acme factory, Slide over, son.  It looks like you've done enough drivin' for tonight. Now the Toon Roadster gingerly gets behind the wheel of the Packard.  He hits the gas and the Packard lurches down the road. Roger, what're you gonna do with that gun? Well... all right... Reluctantly, Benny gets behind the wheel of the Packard. (continuing) But you be careful now with that gun. This ain't no cartoon. Benny pulls away.  Roger turns with determination and zips back to the window", "PARTNER:": "Speeding rabbit, Lieutenant.", "EXT. STREET": "Santino's car does a 180 degree spin, and goes after the Roadster.  The second squad car follows.  The Weasles pile into the Toon Control wagon and join the chase.", "THE ROADSTER:": "looks back over it's shoulder, admiring his handiwork.", "WIDE SHOT:": "When the trollies clear, Benny staggers out from between them still on tip-toes.  Benny plops down, squashes, then pops up to his old self again.", "BEHIND THEM:": "The crippled Toon Control wagon is struggling to keep up. Voltaire circles above the truck and picks two Weasles up off the roof.  They're each carrying several sticks of dynamite.", "THE DYNAMITE:": "spins through the air, finally landing on the roof just as Voltaire and the Weasles arrive. ", "HIS ENGINE.": "", "INT. OFFICE": "It's a typical detective office -- a couch, a sink, a window -- except for the partner's desk in the middle of the room. There's a chair on each side.  Valiant closes the door and locks it.", "INTERCUT:": "", "INTERCUT TO:": "  ", "R.K.?": "", "NEW ANGLE:": "as the car pulls away, the trunk lid lifts.  Roger Rabbit peers out, disoriented.  Then closes it. Valiant is on the outside of the building hanging onto a flagpole for dear life.  He looks down at the street which looks miles below.  Valiant inches back along the flagpole to the door and pulls himself to safety.", "DUM-DUMS": "Yeah! The Bullets eagerly dive into their respective chambers.  He snaps the cylinder closed, reaches into his shoulder holster and takes out the pint bottle.  He unscrews the cap and pours the rest of the booze onto the ground.  When it's drained, he flings the bottle in the air and", "RADIO ANNOUNCER:": "... From the tippy tip top of Toontown's Tip Top Club, this is Mellow Melody Matinee.  Here's our favorite cricket, Jimmy, with 'Give A Little Whistle'.", "JIMINY CRICKET:": "(on radio) 'When you get in trouble, and you don't know right from wrong...' Valiant turns the on/off switch, then punches all the buttons but to no avail.  The (continuing) '... Give a little whistle Give a little whistle...'", "VALIANT'S FOV": "Through the windshield we see we have arrived in Toontown, where it's a beautiful sunny day.  Eddie is now driving down a phantasmagorical boulevard in a completely animated world. It's a Max Fleischer version of a city neighborhood.  The trees and buildings are swaying in time with the", "WOLF:": "Helloooo, cousin. Now he drives past a Toon building under construction.  Like everything else in Toontown. the construction company sports the name \"Acme\".  The sign out", "THE PACKARD:": "is careening down Toon streets totally out of control. Panicked, Roger is spinning the wheel as if it were a motorboat.  He drives in one side of Mother Goose's Shoe and out the other, diapers all over the windshield.  Unable to see, Roger steers right off the road.  The car hurtles through space.  As it starts to fall, we see it's Toon", "BENNY:": "crawls out of the bushes on his axles.", "BENNY/ROGER RABBIT": "Dip Toontown?", "INT. FACTORY": "Doom pulls the tarp off the top of the truck, revealing a modified water cannon.", "INT. BATHROOM": "Roger splashes into the toilet bowl in the Acme washroom.  He bobs up.  He drains the water out of the pistol barrel and peeks over the bowl.  He gets a determined look in his eye.", "POV OVERHEAD:": "We", "gun when:": "", "VOLTAIRE:": "alarmed at the scene below, grabs a brick and flaps toward the ceiling.  He throws the brick through the skylight and flies out. Doom!  Doom! ", "THE DIPMOBILE:": "continues forward inexorably.  The arm is swinging towards Roger and Jessica.  It gets closer and closer... Valiant tries to get to the truck, but it's too late.  The cannon has reached them.", "PORKY PIG:": "O-k-k-k, mmmove along.  There's nnnothin' else to see.  T-t-that's it. T-t-that's all, folks. (turns to (continuing) Eee-ba-da, eee-ba-da... t-t-that's all, folks!", "CAMERA)": "Hmm, I l-l-like the sound of that. Then, savoring the phrase, Porky stutters out the famous sign-off."}, "rogue-one.php": {"LYRA ERSO:": "The ship lands near the Erso homestead. Lyra contacts Saw Gerrera.   Lyra takes off a pendant and hands it over to her daughter, fastening it around her neck. In front of the Erso home stands Director Orson Krennic flanked by Deathtroopers. Galen confronts Krennic.     Jyn wakes up inside the U-Wing and blinks as Cassian speaks up.", "SAW GERRERA:": "  Theme song plays as the camera slowly reveals the title. pilot. Local boy, huh?  Saw nods to Edrio and Bodhi visibly begins panicking, have you really brought me, cargo pilot? Bor Gullet will know the truth. The unfortunate side effect, is that one tends to lose one\u2019s mind. Bor Gullet\u2019s tentacles begin to wrap around Bodhi and stroke his head, reaching into his thoughts.     People were starting to figure that out. People who wanted to- to use you as a hostage. Not a day goes by that I don\u2019t think of you. But today, of all days? It\u2019s a trap, isn\u2019t it? you? Did you come here to kill me? There\u2019s not much of me left.   galaxy? The two walk towards a holopad lying on the floor. Switches to shot of Jedha City. The Star Destroyer is seen leaving the city, followed by numerous The holoprojector lights up and a hologram of Galen Erso appears.   dream! Jyn and Cassian run off. Saw limps over to the window, rips his oxygen mask off and silently watches the shockwave.", "GALEN ERSO:": "protect you. Say you understand. Galen embraces Jyn and the two stand still for a few moments.       was. I have trouble remembering, even simple things.  always protect you. Stardust. Don\u2019t ever change. chance to save the Alliance. Perhaps there\u2019s a chance to explain myself and, though I don\u2019t dare hope for too much, a chance for Jyn, if she\u2019s alive, if you can possibly find her to let her know that my love for her has never faded and how desperately I\u2019ve missed her. Jyn, my Stardust, I can\u2019t imagine what you think of me. When I was taken, I faced some bitter truths. I was told that, soon enough, Krennic would have you as well. As Death Star to find the reactor. I know there\u2019s a complete engineering archive in the data vault at the Citadel Tower on Scarif. Any pressurized explosion to the reactor module will set off a chain reaction that will destroy the entire station... The hologram cuts off because of the earthquake going through the Partisan base due to the Death Star\u2019s fire. Jyn falls to her knees, crying. The  have nothing to do with it. Spare them. Krennic pauses, looking at him, then turns to his troopers. Jyn climbs the onto the platform using the ladder and throws a stormtrooper down into the abyss. Cassian watches the scene through his scope and notices her when    He goes silent and his hand falls from hers as he closes his eyes. Jyn's eyes fill with tears.", "DEATHTROOPER:": "", "ROGUE ONE:": "Jyn wakes up in an Imperial prison cell. Her cellmate snores loudly on the bunk opposite. She wipes her face with a cloth and stares through the bars.", "STORMTROOPER:": "A stormtrooper walks past, checking on the cell. Cuts to a large asteroid with a trading outpost built on top of it.   information of the location of this missing cargo pilot. A reward of 600 credits for the information shall be awarded. some identification. Check inside.  The grenade explodes, killing the entire squad of stormtroopers. Jyn and Cassian exchange looks.      We need to check your diagnostics. Cassian's shots take the troopers down and he runs over to Jyn to take her away. The trooper notices the officer on the floor.  The trooper yells at his colleague but is shot down instantly by the rebels.", "TIVIK:": "   yesterday. He\u2019s telling people they\u2019re making a weapon. The kyber crystals, that\u2019s what they\u2019re for.    spies everywhere. A pair of stormtroopers appears in the alleyway.  A squad of stormtroopers races towards the place of the incident.", "CASSIAN ANDOR:": "       Cassian pulls a blaster and kills the stormtroopers. Cassian pretends to comfort Tivik but shoots him in the back. As the stormtroopers approach, he manages to climb up the wall and disappear before they can see him.  father?  Imperial war machine?  agree to meet you, if you came as a friend. we need is someone who gets us through the door without being killed. being held by Saw Gerrera. He\u2019s claiming the Emperor is creating a weapon with the power to destroy entire planets. The pilot says he was sent by your father.  It\u2019s a by-product of the reprogram. Jyn loads a blaster and spins it in her hands.     The U-Wing lands in front of a view of the Holy City of Jedha with a Star Destroyer hovering in the sky just above it. Multiple smaller shuttles and find your father. been attacking the cargo shipments. they can get. We wondered why they were stripping the temple, now we know.It\u2019s the fuel for the weapon.  Come on. Come on. A squad of stormtroopers is seen distributing holopads with the face of Bodhi Rook on them and questioning citizens. The squad of stormtroopers approaches a citizen and is about to search their house. The citizen protests inaudibly in an alien language. Cassian walks off, leaving Jyn standing there.  Temple. But there\u2019s nothing left to protect, so now they\u2019re just causing trouble for everybody. Cassian and Jyn push quickly throught the crowd when they notice a heavily guarded Imperial transport move along the street. Jyn looks up to see armed people waiting on the roofs and several more hiding in the pathways next to the main street. She looks at Cassian nervously. The child\u2019s mother quickly arrives and takes her daughter. They are surprised by an Imperial droid that looks exactly like     priorities.  Baze looks through the hole in the wall and sees Bodhi.    Cassian tries to talk to Bodhi in a calmer voice, but Bodhi keeps staring into space and mumbling. shuttle pilot? Pilot?   Cassian screams into his comlink. The camera reveals Cassian breaks off from the group and runs off.      Cassian grabs the hyperdrive lever and pulls it sharply. The U-Wing shifts into hyperspace and zips away from Jedha seconds before the rubble from the shockwave destroys the mountain.        Imperial territory. The U-Wing manoeuvres carefully between the canyons, barely avoiding a collision with a cliff.  The U-Wing lands roughly in a dark canyon. A ridge separates them from the bright lights of the Imperial facility.   are sure of that? the messenger. now is get a handle on what we\u2019re up against.So, we\u2019re going to go very small and very carefully up the rise and see what\u2019s what. Let\u2019s get out of here. Cassian pulls up his hood and disappears in the rain. The two go over the ridge overlooking the Imperial facility and Cassian looks for a good spot. Switches to Baze and Chirrut climbing the rocks somewhere in the area.     platform! The rebel squadron begins shooting at the platform and there are several explosions. Baze stares at the attack in horror. On the platform, Krennic and his troops take cover. Jyn sneaks by, unnoticed, and hides behind a container.  Come on.  Cassian and Jyn make their way to the stolen Imperial cargo shuttle that hovers in the air, taking down the stormtroopers chasing them. In the cabin,    I\u2019ve seen it before. Did deciding when and where we want to care about something. Suddenly the Rebellion is real for you? Some of us live it. I\u2019ve been in this fight since I was 6 years old. You\u2019re not the only one who lost everything. Some of us just decided to do something about it. we\u2019re coming in with a stolen ship. Anybody else? Switches to a shot of the planet Mustafar, following Krennic's shuttle that is heading to a pyramid-shaped building standing on the edge of a cliff with lava streaming down it. The shuttle lands on a landing platform and the camera switches to a blast door in front of which a hooded man stands. The door slides open and the man walks in to a dark room with Royal Guards  of us... ... most of us, we\u2019ve done terrible things on behalf of the Rebellion. We\u2019re spies. Saboteurs. Assassins. Everything I did, I did for the Rebellion. And every time I walked away from something I wanted to forget I told myself it was for a cause that I believed in. A cause that was worth it. Without that, we\u2019re lost. Everything we\u2019ve done would have been for nothing. I couldn\u2019t face myself if I gave up now. None of us Go, go, go! The rebels scatter to gather weapons and supplies. Jyn stands still with a Page 37/56 Jyn and Cassian return to the Imperial shuttle they had arrived on.   Jyn gets up, swallows, and starts speaking to lift the morale. As she begins, rebels lift their heads to listen. move east and get wide of the ship. Find a position between here and the tower. Once you get to the best spot, light the place up. Make ten men feel like a hundred.  here. The shuttle finally lands on   The elevator door opens and they walk out into a hallway of the facility, full of Imperial officers and stormtroopers. On their way they pass a droid identical to   The rebels set off their detonators and a chain reaction of explosions goes off. Stormtroopers walking by are killed instantly. Krennic, standing in the command centre, overhears the blasts and looks out the window. The officers gather around to look.  out there. Bodhi! You\u2019ve got to tell them to blow a hole in the shield gate so we can transmit the plans. Find a way! Cover our backs. The  They turn around to see the vault door closing.      Krennic is standing at the window nervously when news arrives.  shield\u2019s open, we can send the plans! Merrick is hit by a The master switch remains untouched. Chirrut emerges from his cover and walks across the battlefield, immune to all shots, as he mumbles his words like a mantra. Jyn keeps climbing up to the exit hatch. Krennic emerges from an elevator door and, after a brief exchange, shoots Cassian and he falls off the tower onto one of the bars below. go.  The music intensifies and the two watch the wave with tears in their eyes as it engulfs them. Everything goes silent. On board the Devastator, Vader is preparing to board the cruiser.", "JEDHA:": "", "MILITIA:": "A group of Militia are walking across a desert with a prisoner. The Militia pulls a bag off of the head of Bodhi Rook, a defected Imperial Pilot. Page 5/56 ", "BODHI ROOK:": " Okay, we\u2019re just wasting time that we don\u2019t have. I need to speak to Saw Gerrera! I keep telling them before, before it\u2019s too late. to Jedha City. What part of urgent message do you guys not understand? Hey! we\u2019re all on the same side, if you just see past the uniform for a minute. I\u2019ve got to speak to ah... I\u2019ve got to speak to Saw Gerrera. He continues mumbling as a bag is put on his head again and he is pulled away. Edrio passes Saw a holopad that had been taken from Bodhi earlier. myself. I defected, I defected. have time for this! I have to speak to Saw Gerrera before it\u2019s too late. The sack is pulled off of Bodhi\u2019s head. He shakes his head and blinks at the sight of Saw. gave it to them, they did not find it! I gave it to them. Galen Erso. He told me to find you. His voice is muffled and confused as the sack is pulled over his head again and he is dragged away. (In the Holy City of Jedha) Cassian and Jyn walk through a crowd in a narrow street. Jyn accidentally bumps into Dr. Evazan and Ponda Baba, who turn to them, annoyed. the pilot. He fires but the blaster hits the cell door, freeing Bodhi.    He said I could make it right, if I was brave enough and listened to what was in my heart. Do something about it. Guess it was too late.   You\u2019ve got to stay in the canyon, keep it low. way, but we\u2019re close, we\u2019re close. I know that.   depot. Watch out! The U-Wing hits its engine on a rock and the ship begins to fall.    left to steal. down there. This way. A shuttle zooms overhead, showering water over the two. They duck to avoid being caught in its headlights.   get out of here. Move, move, move. Okay,    Jyn looks up at him and mouths,    shield with a single main entry gate. This shuttle should be equipped with an access code that allows us through.  the cold, dark vacuum of space. The shuttle passes under the massive hull of a Star Destroyer. He contacts the shield gate via comms.   She goes down the ladder as Bodhi pilots the shuttle through the shield gate. There is an announcement of a tractor beam test in the background as they descend. The shuttle gets closer to the surface and a tall pyramidal tower with a dish at the top comes into view. structure archives in there. If the plans are anywhere, they\u2019ll be there. files out. Downstairs, Jyn notices the rebels silently sitting in the hold of the shuttle, all looking tense and worried. She catches Baze's eye as Cassian climbs down to make an announcement.   Bodhi smiles and points to the ladder leading downstairs. At the same time, Krennic's shuttle emerges from hyperspace and descends into the shield gate. Krennic is on board with his bodyguards.  Pad 2. Get on there, tell him pinned down by rebels on Pad 5. fighting, the base is on lockdown! not tied in.  Raddus and his crew sit aboard the Mon Calamari cruiser bridge.     hear me! Is there anybody up there? This is Rogue One! Come in, over. have to transmit them from the communications tower! You have to take down the shield gate. It\u2019s the only way to going to get them through! ", "WOBANI:": "", "SOLDIER:": " ", "PRISONER:": "Jyn kicks the Rebel, grabbing a shovel, and hits the other soldiers out of the way before jumping out of the transport. However, at the exit she is grabbed and chokeslammed to the ground by a tall Imperial droid,", "PA:": " immediately. Attention all flight personnel, please report to your commanders immediately. We have been redirected to Scarif. Pilots, you\u2019ll be briefed by your squadron leaders on route. May the Force be with you.", "JYN ERSO:": "     But I\u2019ve no idea where he is. I haven\u2019t seen him in years.         Cassian sighs and hops into the pilot seat.    want to put a hole in your head.   She notices Chirrut Imwe, blind and dressed in monk-like robes, sitting beside the street.  Cassian returns and finds her talking to Chirrut.    Jyn sees a small child standing under a tall tower, crying. She runs to save her and covers her with her body as the two fall to the ground. A partisan shoots the stormtroopers from the top of the tower.    Gerrera.   blaster and told me to wait in a bunker until daylight.    message about a weapon. I guess they think by sending me you might actually help them out. The rest of you can do what you want. Whatever it is you\u2019re calling yourself these days? All it\u2019s ever brought me is pain.       message, I\u2019ve seen it.They call it the Death Star. But they have no idea there\u2019s a way to defeat it. You\u2019re wrong about my father. choice. He sacrificed himself for the Rebellion. He\u2019s rigged a trap inside it. That\u2019s why he sent you. To bring that message.    hiding it for years. He said if you can blow the reactor- the module- the whole system goes down. You need to send word to the Alliance. They have to go to Scarif to get the plans. them himself.  knows it.  killer? Krennic and Galen hear her at the same time and turn around. Krennic pulls out his blaster but before he can shoot, an explosion rocks the platform, knocking all three to the ground.    Stormtroopers emerge from the facility and are about to begin shooting.      and you lied about why you went up alone. put him at risk. Those were Alliance bombs that killed him! a stormtrooper.  would it bring him? defeat this. Run? Hide? Plead for mercy? Scatter your forces? You give way to an enemy this evil with this much power and you condemn the galaxy to an eternity of submission. The time to fight is now! of Jedha. fleet if you have to. We need to capture the Death Star plans if there is any hope of destroying it.    Cassian appears from behind her with a group of about thirty rebels.   There are several cheers and small applause from the team. The shuttle door closes.     Bodhi opens the door to the shuttle and the inspection team sees nothing but an empty cargo hold.    War-Mantle. Cluster-Prism. Black-Saber. She stops dead in her tracks.  Bodhi is fiddling with wires when he is surprised by a stormtrooper aiming at him.  Jyn shoots a hole through the glass in the control room, opening up an alternative exit. A   Lyra. You\u2019ve lost. put a fuse in the middle of your machine and I\u2019ve just told the entire galaxy how to light it. The Mon Cala cruiser has received the transmissions, but someone catches a massive object on the horizon. It's the Death Star. Krennic opens his eyes, and a look of horror flashes on his face as he sees it too. ", "CHIRRUT \u00ceMWE:": "others be with you. others be with you. future? (Jyn turns around and comes closer, alarmed and interested). Yes, I\u2019m speaking to you. I am Chirrut \u00cemwe. kyber crystals? Cassian pulls Jyn away as Chirrut speaks. Force is with me, and I am with the Force. And I fear nothing, for all is as the Force wills it. Chirrut knocks down the last stormtrooper, but many more surround him. Suddenly, rapid blaster fire kills all the stormtroopers. It has come from Chirrut\u2019s friend, Baze Malbus.   The Partisans suddenly surround the group. The rebels are disarmed and handcuffed again.  one with the Force and the Force is with me.   Malbus was once the most devoted Guardian of us all. sense that you carry yours wherever you go. Outside of the prison, Jyn is taken to meet Saw Gerrera in his command room.       kill.   Bodhi spots   In the control room in the tower, Imperials are panicking as they contact their landing pads. Krennic looks desperate.  one with the Force and the Force is with me. one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\u2019m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\u2019m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\u2019m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\u2019m one with the Force and the Force is with me. I\u2019m one with the Force. The Force is with me. I\u2019m one with the Force. The Force is with me.", "MOTHER:": "", "CITIZEN:": "A stormtrooper aims a rocket at the tower and fires. Jyn barely makes it out and runs to cover. Next to the ruins of the tank, partisans gather to Page 14/56", "PARTISAN:": "kyber. Come on!", "BAZE MALBUS:": "Cassian, Jyn and fool.   one.  Baze starts trying to break the bars separating the two cells.   Baze walks up to Bodhi's cell. He aims his blaster at Bodhi. Cassian finds Jyn with Saw in the control room. She is still on the floor, shocked by the hologram.           They both smile softly. Cuts to Bodhi watching a few Imperials outside the shuttle. Once they turn away, he yells downstairs to the rebel crew.  Inside the shuttle, Bodhi prepares to make a run for it. Another rebel stops him.  Chirrut ignores it and pulls the master switch blindly. Chirrut is hit by an explosion, and Baze runs to him in slow motion.   The rebel cruiser is taking heavy damage. A Hammerhead corvette is seen speeding towards the disabled", "BAZE \u00ceMWE:": "", "KRENNIC:": "Gunners get in their positions and prepare to fire.", "GUNNER:": "The camera pans to show levers being pulled. A gunner raises his hand and drops it as a signal. A bright array of lights comes on across the control panel. The Death Star eclipses the sun over Jedha. A blinding green ray emerges from the reactor as two gunners manning it turn away to cover their eyes.", "CASSIAN:": "They all pile into the U-Wing. Bodhi barely makes it on board as they close the door.", "REBEL:": "Jedha destroyed. Mission target located on Eadu. Please advise.    Merrick grabs the soldier and stops him from reaching Mon.  Back on Scarif, the rebels are engaging Imperial forces in a fierce battle. It is unclear who's winning. A rebel screams as he gets shot. On Yavin 4, rebel crews are hurrying to their ships as an announcement rings across the The rebels scatter, may falling under fire. At the same time the Rebel fleet emerges out of space over the defensive shield.    He peeks out, but is instantly shot by a sniper death trooper. Jyn, in turn, almost drops the data disc, but grabs it in the last moment and straps it onto her belt. Krennic is seen walking rapidly towards an elevator.    The music stops, and only the sirens blare in the darkness. Then someone starts breathing, and a crimson lightsaber ignites, revealing Darth Vader himself.   Vader slaughters the rebels easily and cold bloodedly, despite all their efforts. Someone manages to pass on the plans to the outside before being impaled by his saber. The survivors run to the Tantive   The smaller ship launches the second Vader makes his way to it. He stands on the side of the cruiser, watching the Tantive leave. On board the smaller ship, captain Antilles finds Princess Leia of Alderaan.", "EADU:": "The U-Wing flies carefully through the rainy, dark canyons of Eadu. Cassian and", "ENGINEER:": "", "REBEL PILOT:": "", "VANEE:": "The bacta fluid level drops and the camera reveals Vader's body suspended in the tank. Vanee turns away as Vader begins breathing. Switches to a grand hallway in the castle. Krennic waits anxiously as the sliding door opens and Vader walks out to meet him.", "DARTH VADER:": "  explain.  that Jedha was destroyed in a mining disaster. Emperor that Galen Erso has not compromised this weapon in any way. Vader starts walking away. Krennic takes a small pause.  ", "BAIL ORGANA:": "we\u2019ve worked so hard to create?  people that there will be no peace. We will need every advantage. in hiding since the Emperor\u2019s purge. Yes, I will send for him. He turns around and leaves, greeting captain Antilles on his way. ", "ADMIRAL RADDUS:": "   Squadron leaders report in. fleet. Blue squadron, get to the surface before they closed that gate.  start probing that shield. attack.   Standby, Rogue One, we\u2019re on it. In the elevator back to the landing pad, Cassian and Jyn smile at each other weakly. prepare for jump to hyperspace! Just before the fleet can make the jump, The Devastator jumps out of hyperspace, and Darth Vader stands on the bridge as his", "DISTANT PA:": " mission report. Once they're inside, the assembled rebel screw stands up to greet them", "PILOT:": "General Ramda has been informed of your arrival. On Scarif, two rebels are seen dragging the body of a stormtrooper into the shuttle. Jyn and Cassian are putting on their disguise uniforms. Once they're done, Jyn walks out to say goodbye to the crew. She holds Chirrut's hands and he smiles. Baze puts a gentle hand on her shoulder. Page 41/56", "OFFICER:": "", "IMPERIAL:": "Get reinforcements down to Pad 5 immediately! Cassian, Jyn and", "AT-AT PILOT:": "Baze loads a rocket launcher and fires at the neck of the", "LIEUTENANT:": "are blocked. The Red squadron pilots are busy shooting at the shield gate and dodging shots from cannons built on top of it. An X-Wing is hit and goes down in flames.  hyperspace. Aboard the Death Sta stand Tarkin and Romodi, ready to give the command to fire.", "GOLD PILOT:": "", "REBEL MARINE:": "", "MARINE:": "The rebels attempting to take down the shield are having no effect on it and are still pressed by", "RED PILOT:": "", "BLUE PILOT:": " ", "BLUE TWO:": "Bodhi connects the cable to the radio while Jyn keeps rummaging through Engineering files.", "BLUE:": "", "BLUE ELEVEN:": "The beach battle rages on. No side seems to be winning so far, but a squad of death troopers arrives. Inside the tower, Jyn takes off her uniform jacket and climbs out the window. They jump over from the wall to the archives at a dazzling height.", "LIEUTENTANT:": "damage.", "GOLD LEADER:": "", "GOLD NINE:": "The Gold squadron launches torpedoes at the", "COMPUTER:": "antenna alignment. Reset antenna alignment. Jyn looks over to the side of the tower where there is another control panel, but a Jyn turns away to hear the click of a blaster and Krennic aiming said blaster at her. ", "ADMIRAL GORIN:": ""}, "Samson&Delilah.pdf": {}, "samson-and-delilah.php": {}, "Sergeant York.pdf": {"I...": "Alvin... That's what I was wanting to tell you. Giddap, Noah. Lord... Lord, if you can, help him to be getting his land."}, "SomeLikeItHot.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "", "MULLIGAN": "(grabs hearing aid,                                yells into mike) Yeah!", "CAPTAIN": "We're all set. When is the kickoff?                 As Mulligan consults his watch, Charlie, the toothpick working                 nervously in his mouth, tugs Mulligan's sleeve. ", "FUNERAL DIRECTOR": "This way, sir. He leads Mulligan past the organ toward the black-paneled wall, where there is no evidence of a door.                 The organist, without missing a note in his playing, reaches                 over to the end of the keyboard and pulls out a stop. One of the panels slides open, and there is a blast of", "WAITER": "Scotch coffee, Canadian coffee, sour-                          mash coffee...                                      ", "JOE": "You don't want me, Sugar -- I'm a                           liar and a phony -- a saxophone player --                           one of those no-goodnicks you've                           been running away from -- ", "JERRY": "But you don't understand!                               (he rips off his wig; in a male voice) I'm a", "DRUNK": "I want another cup of coffee.                 The policemen start rounding up the customers and employees,                 are herding them toward the exits.  On the bandstand, Joe and Jerry have packed their instruments,                 and start to fight their way through the melee, toward some                 stairs leading up. Mulligan, a couple of policemen in tow, comes up to Spats and his henchmen, sitting calmly at their table, with five                 glasses of white liquid in front of them.                                      ", "SPATS": "Big joke!                 His eyes close, and he starts to slip out of his chair. Under the table, Joe and Jerry react as Spats' body comes sliding toward them, feet first.                                      ", "FIRST SECRETARY": "Nothing.                                      ", "NELLIE": "(brightly)                          How did it go, girls?                                      ", "POLIAKOFF": "(into phone)                          Yes, I'm holding on.                                      ", "SUE": "That's it for tonight, folks. This                           is Sweet Sue, saying good night, and reminding all you daddies out there -- every girl in my band is a virtuoso --                           and I intend to keep it that way!                 Behind her, Sugar picks up her ukulele and the basket of flowers, tiptoes off the stand. Joe waves after her, wishing her luck. Sugar hurries toward the staircase, passing                 Bienstock, who is planted near the reservation desk. As Sue                 cuts off the music Joe frantically packs up his saxophone. Then he leaps off the bandstand, and dashing past the", "MECHANIC": "Put it on Miss Weinmeyer's bill?                                      ", "TOOTHPICK CHARLIE": "(glancing over his                                shoulder nervously)                          What is it, Spats? What do you want                           here? ", "ANNOUNCER'S VOICE": "Florida Limited leaving on Track                           Seven for Washington, Charleston,                           Savannah, Jacksonville and Miami.                           All aboard. All aboard.  Our two passenger accelerate their pace. But evidently they                 are not too adept at navigating in high heels. Suddenly the                 one with the bull-fiddle twists her ankle -- or we should                 say his ankle -- because it's Jerry. He stops and faces his girlfriend -- Joe.", "BIENSTOCK": "(automatically)                          Sure.                               (hands it to him,                                turns back to Sugar) Pack your things, and the next station we come to --                               (he does a take, turns                                to Jerry)                          Your flask? ", "ROSELLA": "Take your corsets off and spread                           out.                                      ", "DOLORES": "Hey, Sugar, it's for you -- from the                           yacht.                 Sugar jumps up, grabs the phone eagerly. ", "SUGAR": "(shocked)                          Josephine!!                 Nearby, Sweet Sue is watching open-mouthed. ", "EMILY": "Never mind.                 She disappears. Joe starts to close his eyes, then sits up                 with a jolt. ", "MARY LOU": "Get some cups. Rosella hurries toward the water fountain, while Mary Lou gets Stella and the corkscrew out of bed. Rapidly, the whole                 Pullman car springs into action. As silent as mice, the girls                 slip out of their berths, armed with various provisions.                 Their nighties billowing they scuttle down the aisle and up the ladder into Upper 7. In Upper 7, the party is building rapidly, as the mice pile                 in with their contributions.", "GIRLS": "Here's the vermouth. I brought some                           crackers and cheese. Will ten cups                           be enough? Can you use a bottle of                           Southern Comfort?  Jerry is trying vainly to stem the invasion of gatecrashers.                                      ", "OLGA": "Ice! What's keeping the ice? The                           natives are getting restless.                 Joe hands her the cymbal piled with ice. ", "FADE OUT:": "", "OSGOOD": "I called Mama -- she was so happy                           she cried -- she wants you to have her wedding gown -- it's white lace.", "BELLHOP": "Wanna see my driver's license?", "BIENSTOCK'S VOICE": "Are you decent? Joe pulls Jerry's wig out of the hat, jams it down his head.                                      ", "MOTHER": "Let's go, Junior. Time for your nap.                                      ", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "WHAT?": "", "WELCOME DELEGATES": "", "FIRST HENCHMAN": "Me and Tiny, we had them cornered --                           but we lost 'em in the shuffle.                                      ", "SECOND HENCHMAN": "What's the matter with those dames?                                      ", "SPATS' VOICE": "Hold it.                 Joe and Jerry freeze as Spats steps into the elevator,                 followed by the four henchmen. ", "BONAPARTE": "So we're a little early. So what's a                           few months between friends?                               (turning to the others)                          All right, boys -- now all together -- (singing) For he's a jolly good fellow....                 The other delegates, including Spats' henchmen, join in the                 song. The lights are extinguished, and from the pantry come the two officials, pushing a cart on which stands the cake, with candles blazing. They wheel the cake up directly in                 front of Spats, who eyes it uneasily. Little Bonaparte,                 meanwhile, is conducting the song with relish. As the singers                 reach the climactic line, the top of the cake tears open and out pops Johnny Paradise. Aiming his machine gun at Spats", "SECOND OFFICIAL": "Easy now. You know when you come                           out? ", "FIRST OFFICIAL": "They slipped right through our hands.                                      "}, "song-of-the-south.php": {"Music Chorus:": "music weaves a magic spell... Music I see the scenes I know so well... Music cabin door. Pale moon light on a field of white... Music Music That's where I belong. Singin' a song, a Song of the South Music That's how the critters got that way. Music That's what Uncle Remus said. Music     wake up early in the morning, when the ding dong ring, Music It's the same ol' thing, want to get a bite of something', Music look up, get yer' finger in the dumplin' Music Let the rain pour down. Let the cold win' blow, Music in the home I know. Music havin' trouble with de weevil, never did like that, Music like a hypocrite's hat, when the weevil git the cotton, Music there'll be nothin' on de table, Music Music meetin', how do you do, with everyone repeatin'... Music let the cold win' blow Music the misery, when your old and grey, Music playin' 'round yo door. faith in him. Music faith in him. Music faith in him. Music All I want... All I want... Music faith in him. Music  faith in him. Music faith in him. Music faith in him.", "Music Solo:": "voices calling low. Out of the long, long ago. Music from eatin' too much speckle trout. Music  His bed was full of sandy lumps, Music Music He tried the same thing on a rail. Music  and the moon and the sun. Music Music Music on this little chil' Music", "Remus:": "'bout de behind feet of a mule den gettin' kicked by 'em. yer tales 'bout critters like Brer Rabbit, an' Brer Fox... same like kin happen to folks... jes' ain't got dey ears tuned fer lis'nin. all mixt up wid dey own troubles, uh... was comin' down to de plantation. sho's I'm named Remus. dat dey ain't nobody kin out-do 'im,  sez Brer Fox, sez he. Well den, sez Brer Fox, sez he... And wid dat he grab Brer Rabbit agin' de groun'. But jes' den, an' he tuck thru the cotton patch An' from dat day to dis, was a lil' ol' ball o' cotton. much cloth for to cut one pair of pants. tell 'em when I could tell 'em. buttons off'n yo' what-cher macollums. sit jes' as you's a settin' right now  You tell Miss Sally de boy's wid me.  blowin' 'round here de way de does. you's figgerin' on goin' some place. You know, I was jes' figgerin' on doin' sump'n Uncle Remus to go long wid you? How kin we be goin' sum place if we dunno whar we's goin? Is you brung some grub? we sho can't get very fur. some cawn-bread? An' mebbe some sweet tatters? I need young eyes in de dark. on sech a long trip, ain't it?  the words that ol' Brer Rabbit used An' I ain't never comin' back, neither!  things together so's we can be leavin'.   but it done gone clean off my mind. And if I don't tell you about 'im, you're gonna 'Tain't no great tale, no-how. Brer Rabbit. Now you jes' set yo'se'f down here Now dishyer tale didn't happen jes' yestiddy... An' in dem days, eve'thing was mighty satisfactual. an' de folks, dey was closer to de critters... t'was better all around. Zip-a-dee-do-da days. open your mouth without a song jump right out of it... Music   bad mood to go to de party.       but, he was headin' straight for a whole  'twixt de heavens and de earth... den he scared he ain't goin' fall... heaved and he hauled. But warn't no use. up on chickapin hill, where he live... ol' Brer Fox, and when dat ol' scamp see  make ready for to settle Brer Rabbit's hash, right now. without much strength, he's supposed to use his sackly what he starting to do, when he hear ole  hand and put out for home.. where he b'long. place, you can't run away from trouble.  sayin' dat he run as fast as he kin.  can't zackly say, 'cause I ain't been keepin close  use o' speculatin' on dat.. when we's goin' away?  Tch Tch..! An' jes when I had a hankerin' for to go. I kin give it up if you kin.    let ol' Unc' Remus go 'long wid you.  Tempy tell you he was wid me? I was tellin' him a tale 'bout Brer Rabbit.   What dat child needs is his paw. Miss Doshy, if you jes' draps a word. I knows dat. Well, goodnight. me, is you, Miss Doshy? how come he get so fat, along, he plays like dead, I can't see nothin' wrong, while other folks is worryin'  That's what I abso-positive-i-lutely, wants to do. Ain't dat one o' dem Favers Dawgs?  turn 'roun' and tote dat dawg right back! when you come home wid dat dog? no 'count puppy like dat! ol' Unc' Remus to keep dat dawg!   an' lettin' im' in. can't git uster all dat hollerin' and squallin'. Co'se I got a li'l corner what ain't bein' used.  An' den ag'in he mightn't. Come here you li'l Rascal. if he don't act like he think I'm gonna take 'im. Music Ain't I done tol' you? Go on away! Stop pesterin' me 'bout dis yere dawg. Johnny tells me. He's yo' dawg, ain't he? word bout dishyer puppy, I'll... I'll do it, sho's I'm name Remus! when it come to stickin' yo' foot in it. an' stuck his foot into sump'n he don't know nothin' bout, fust place. Ain't you never heard dat tale?   not yo' time, nor yit my time... thinking how the flowers and critters was curious things... if it's whistling a tune or singing a song, they all say...   Music    gonna fetch up at, i sho'ly don't.  now what do you do with all yo' time?  is sho' a caution...he sho is. but Brer Rabbit was a-headin'... on chickapin hill at de edge of de big woods... 'bout the where'bouts o' Brer Rabbit. fixed up jes' in de nick o' time cuz right then Brer Rabbit just as fast as a jay bird. Till by and by he spotted  tar baby to say 'fine, how are you'... say nothin', an' brer fox, he lay low ... so ...   he cain't get no answer.    de stuck-up stranger some manners, an' he say ... he don't say nothin' an'...    an' chuckle in his stomach. Brer Fox, he lay low wid de fidgets. and he hauled, he kicked and he screamed, and he blubber thrash aroun', the wus off he gits, til he so stuck up, Fox whistling dat had humble come-tumbleness down as fine poor li'l critter -- He learned a pow'ful lesson, show you what comes o' mixin' up wid somethin' an' don't you never forget it!  ain't i done tol' you that Brer Rabbit, bein' to use his head 'stead o' his foots? Well, suh, dar he was, sittin' in de middle o' de road -- Only he's all mixt up wid dat tar baby ... finish fo' po' li'l Brer Rabbit, cuz ol' Brer Fox ... him fo' dinna, right den an' dar. come-tumble, but ol' Brer Bear, he don't say nuthin'. heh heh... mighty low... Sho nuf.  Remus and but dat's annudder tale for annudder day. pup somp'n to chew on sides my shoes. and I says it again' there never was a better cook  It's Johnny's.     folks 'bout dat mangy ol' puppy? befo' i gits fractious! time to be bothered wid you. talk about dat dawg, neither. miss sally, I had.. Sally, Johnny didn't mean no harm. Brer Rabbit. I tol' him a tale 'bout de bodacious, and outreached hisse'f, dat's all. de stories ain't done no....     what he b'longs an' you knows it. tol' you to take dat dawg back whar he She don't like dat, an' I don't blame her. know what's bes' for you! on. Puppy's gone an' dat's dat. whether I does or whether I man what ain't no good to nobody. don't know whether i'm end-upperds or I ain't goin' ter be tellin' you no mo' stories.  Get off 'im! Now you git 'long -- An' 'roun' dese chillun no mo'! An' ah means it.   Ol' Uncle Remus'll take care of you. find Sis Tempy to clean you up   o' trouble wid dis party. I'se got troubles too. Remus laughing But dey ain't none of us ever had I 'members one time he had mo' troubles rolled into one. run out, fo' sho. used up his whole bag o' tricks. ain't? Co'se you got a laughin' place. trouble is, mos' folks won't Johnny & say. 'Cause where 'tis for one, 'tis for another.  Music I'm jes' a wo' out ol' man what stories. But dey ain't never done if dey don't do no good,  Was goin' ter whitewash de walls, too, Time done run out.  de chimney, an de light from Inside de house, de kittle was singin' de cricket was a jiggin' to de tune. satisfactual. 'Cause Brer Rabbit laughing place wid de folks what b'longs dar. de happiest Brer Rabbit. place in de whole wide worl'. mighty satisfactual. Mighty satisfactual. Johnny, Ginny & Toby singing Zip-a-dee-do-dah, zip-a-dee-ay, Johnny, Ginny & Toby singing My oh my, what a wonderful day. Johnny, Ginny & Toby singing Everything is satisfactual.", "Johnny:": " like she did last spring?  at what Daddy writes in the newspaper. Don't she?          Please! I won't stay here! Johnny Crying Music    Just 'cause you said you would.     Brer Rabbit not coming back to his briar patch. that got away from the fox?        my hand, Uncle Remus, an' git a-goin.   Say 'knee-deep', Brer Frog, 'knee-deep', 'knee-deep'.  breakfast and get some more.  whispering to Toby Come on! Take him! Johnny giggles Frog ribbits     taking him back ain't frog huntin'! Toby 'Cose 'tain't! Come on!           Singing If I take you back, that Jack Favers'll drown you.   But it might be all right if... you kept him.        get away, Uncle Remus?  about Brer Frog havin' a tail...     You can tell aunt Tempy.... you can even tell my mama. don't tell your maw. that's all! If you do, it'll be awful! we s'posed to use our heads instead of our foots. Maw         Teenchy! Where are you? for Teenchy! Where's Teenchy? might happen to him... if he runs around loose.  my dog. He's mine. botherin' anybody. loves me. You should'na done it, Uncle Remus. him! I know he will. gone...and you don't care at all. you're...the best friend i have. Maw you were never comin'.  Play games, an'...get presents. does. Course, I get the most. attention to them, Ginny.      the party... if you wanta.  of an ol' party anyway. rabbit! Now let me see -- 'Bout this here brer rabbit... critter in the whole world. Anyway...    and Ginny's all ldirty. Please, Uncle Remus.   Let's start lookin.   Remus say so?  Uncle Remus, I've found it! It's right here... Uncle Remus is gone.   Uncle Remus!  Wait! Sally screams Uncle Remus! Come back!   Make him stay, please!  shoulder. It's the truth, It's actual. shoulder.", "Sally:": " you'd enjoy seeing the plantation. What ever gave you that idea?   It wouldn't be fair to mama. I'm not going back.  and see if Johnny is with him.  but it's so long past Johnny's bedtime.  it's too late for him to be up. run along upstairs and get ready for bed. Toby and  Let's hurry up and get dressed. mother is coming to see us today.   You can go another day. and come on down to breakfast.   dog back to you. Now run along, please. Johnny to be obedient and truthful. But you and your it would be better if he didn't hear any more for awhile. not to tell him any more. can't just overlook it, he has to learn to mind. mother....and his grandmother.   And what happens then? little boys and girls. many other children, dear... write and ask him.  been doing? The party's all over, dear. to tell your guests goodbye.  couldn't stop telling your stories. Remus, but from now on from Johnny, you understand?     Music   place in the whole wide world.", "John:": "    'em over in your grandma's milk house  He told me that story about Brer Frog. How can there be a tale... Tempy and  Have you changed your mind,  She's be only too glad to take care of Johnny. here for awhile... with you. And I want Sally to go with me. And I'd better hurry, or I'll miss my train.   to do, and you've got one too. You'll do that now for me, won't you?    Johnny!  I'm not going anywhere. where I belong.  than Brer Rabbit hisse'f. ", "Tempy:": "Lissen! frogs like dem in Atlanta. you got for doin' it too.   him tell a tale 'bout Brer Rabbit.  Dat's jes' Ned. lis'nin to one 'o yo' tales?  home befo' yo' maw takes a stick after you? where he come from, jes' like yo' maw tol' you.  I betcha, I betcha that I getcha, you wait and see... be hangin' aroun'... I betcha... but sooner or later you're gonna be hanging aroun', Your gonna knock on my door, you don' it befo' cuz sooner or later I know you'll be hangingn aroun', But you ain't gonna get it. and totin' in three or four measley Some folks does de work, while others jest visits. like Brer Fox and Brer Rabbit. kitchen and we have Brer Rabbit stew. wool over my eyes. Here!  to take it right straight back what he got it. Ain't I done tol' you 'bout messin' 'roun' my kitchen?  suh, and' talkin' like his li'l heart's Mister John, he was cuttin' to stop Uncle Remus from goin' away. Music", "Doshy:": " the house again. Turn around here, young man. grandfather more every time I see you. Toby! And he's the apple of my eye. you see that he gets out of it.  and what they're up to. clatter you've raised in Atlanta. and... heaven knows what. Perhaps I'd better show him myself. Come along.        doesn't count for much these days. But I'm afraid it's going to take  I'm a stubborn old woman Uncle Remus  Of course I'm not mad with you. Children laughing Uncle Remus and his stories, He needs something to hold on to. friends. And if it's not Uncle Remus, or the Favers someone of his own age. That's just good common sense. won't make any difference. ", "Toby:": "   watch out!  de whole United States o' Georgia!  no place. An' I'se s'posed to take keer o'him.  fell in de mill pon'.. He mighter got et up. else! How you like dat, Unc' Remus! It's Him.        Remus'll let us use his frog box. gotter take Brer Frog back, ain't we? to get stomped on.. or runned over.. or lost. Like yo' miss yo' fambly. saw yo' maw or paw ag'in. we kin git dar a heap quicker. Here!      bad. An' if it's blowin' towards de bull, dat ain't good.          Unc' Remus, what you doin'? away! He's gettin' in de wagon! He got hurt by dat bull.", "Ned:": "Where do you want me to put dishyer trunk?", "Chorus:": "Music Mr. Bluebird's on my shoulder. Everything is satisfactual. Oh what a wonderful feeling,", "Solo:": "Music Music Music Music", "Chloe:": "Lawzy mursy, have you seen Johnny? high and low for dat child! Didn't Miss Doshy tell you to take care 'o him?  ", "Tempe:": "Miss Sally go outer her min'.", "Music Remus:": "my oh my, what a wonderful day. Music my way. Zip-a-dee-do-da, zip-a-dee-ay. Music It's de truff, it's actual, everything is satisfactual. Music wonderful feeling, wonderful day. Yass suh! Music my oh my what a wonderful day. Music It's de truff, it's actual, everything is satisfactual. Music zum, zum, zum, zum, zum, zum zum. Music bum, bum, bum, boo boo Boo Music It's de truff, it's actual... Music wonderful feeling, wonderful da... hammering noise", "Music Moles:": "Zip-a-dee-do-da, zip-a-dee-ay. Music", "Bluebird:": "Music", "Rabbit:": "ol place like this! Doggone.. Keep on... Oh-ah-uh-uh-ah-hello Uncle Remus. goin' to be here. I'm goin' leave this 'ol place.    an' dis de place i belongs away from. there ain't gonna be no trouble. up my mind, an I ain't never comin' back.  ah can take care o' myself. Rabbit whistles as he hops away down the path Cowbel jingles as rabbit bounces   I'se makin' a dollar a minute. mighty fine scarecrow, brother Bear.   enough money! I gots all I wants.        Clip 'im in the head, Brother Bear.  howdy you and you howdy back, this for that and tit for tat.   an' so does the flea - i do what i like, an' i --   dat's what you axe me an' dat's what you knows.  Rabbit whistles Remus laughs   howdy! Is you hard o' hearin'? Ah said howdy! I counts three, i's goin' bus' you wide open!      I'll poke you ag'in ... lem-me go! go on, knock my head clean off.  Go ahead, but don't flong me dat briar patch.  go ahead. Heh heh, yes sir...skin me if ya likes, Brer Fox,  I mean...wa-wa-wa- whatever you do, Brer Fox... Brer Fox, please don't fling me in dat briar patch. fling me in dar, is ya? Rabbit makes dying sounds and bred in de briar patch. Laughs  I'se just been to my lauging place. about my laughing place, I can't help.  place I knows about. where it is when I'se all   place and yuk, yuk, yuk, yuk, yuk. And you'll find yours, I know, ho ho.   And you'll find yours, I know, ho ho. Wait a minute. There it is.   was you laughin' place. place Brer Bear. Rabbit Laughs Three them zip-a-dee-do-dah days. zip-a-dee-do-dah, zip-a-dee-ay.", "Fox:": " rabbit dis time fo' sho'. Heh heh heh!      See there?     He's mine look out dar  come right now. Lem'me see, where was Gotta get a head right quick. Need about this much tar. 'bout right for a head. That biggity ol' rabbit We'll catch him sho'... i'll catch him sho'. Dey ain't nothin' smart 'bout dat! smartest is, an' de tar baby do de rest.  I'm glad i thought of that! let me see about this. Just 'bout this size. Oh, yes. A nose too... those very very badly. Got to have a nose. This is lookin' mo' natural all de time.  hep' me 'long, hep' me long, come on. coming down de road. Come on. any minute. Everythin' gotta' be just right. Now maybe if he had one ...  Hurry, hurry. Gotta get a move on. Come on!   I sho' hope ... it does ... ha ha!  Laughs    all stuck up in yo' swaller tail coat! I ain't never seen nobody look dat good befo'.   He forgot everything, didn't he Brer Bear? won't be long now ... dinner goin' be ready any a few more sticks on the fire. Yes ... is gwine stay fo' dinner, ain'cha', Brer Rabbit? Now, we jes' love to have you fo' dinner! Brer Bear? Ain't dat jes' what you been sayin'? Not that, no, no, not that. No wait! Let loose. You can't do that.  We're gonna make him suffer.  my little head I knowed what we gonna do.... 'Tain't none o' yo' business. Hang him by the neck til he's dead. so i'spects. I 'spects I'll have to skin ya.     I sho' am glad i thought of that!  No sir! We wouldn't do dat! Brer Bear? minute! Oh no, please don't! Look out, stop! There! trick on me, Brer Rabbit. played your last trick on me. mighty good in that bow-tie, Brer Rabbit. good in that bow-tie. bow-tie Brer Bear? dressed with a bow-tie befo'.  up for dinner. Fo my dinner. you dis very minute, on dat fire. Rabbit laughing Wait jes' a minute, Brer Rabbit. you... on dat fire! Now! laugh about? It's another one o' his tricks.   fire. I'm gonna...  this has gone far enough, this has gone far enough.   fool out of you, you fool.  as a laughing place.  go and have some...  out of yo'se'f this time. a fool outa yo'sef. ", "Bear:": "Zip-da-da-da-da, wonderful day. Zip-a-da-de-da...                       gon' fool nobody ... it hain't got no eyes!  Rabbit whistling           I'm gonna... now jes' look....   I'm gonna knock his head clean off  We jes' gonna knock his head clean off.   laughing place? this laughing place at?   Rabbit singing         Bear yells here 'cept bees. was a laughin' place... ", "Joe:": "  befo' I knock yo' head clean off.   Jake and   He told us not to tell our maw.     she giv'd us a whuppin'.  'tenshun to 'em, Ginny! ", "Jake:": "   Look, Joe.     don't mean we ain't gonna git Teenchy.  or maybe even your maw.  He'll find out! Think's he so smart. jis' what he wanted us to do.   -- An' we we wants it back! ol' Remus's so's you wouldn't know.  care if we told you....        ", "Ginny:": "  They was gonna drown 'im.    Don't you pay no 'tenshun to them. 'Cause maw says if I give 'im to you, he's yours. she'll whale the daylights out of 'um. Johnny laughs Maw The party'll be over. Maw Maw Maw  maw had an awful time finishing my dress. Like it? weddin' dress. Are we gonna have cake? party -- 'Sides have cake?     Ginny Crying Ginny Crying      a laughin' place ma'am? got one. Pleased to meetcha. laughing place?  tell 'im 'bout Brer Rabbit!", "Singing Johnny:": "It's the truth, it's actual. Everything is satisfactual. Singing zip-a-dee-ay, wonderful feeling, wonderful day.", "Butterflies:": "", "Butterfly:": "", "Possum:": " ", "Fish:": "Rabbit whistles", "Frog:": "you's headin' for trouble one o' these days. that ... oh thanks... put his foot in it one o' these days. ", "Maw Favers:": "wanta hear no more 'bout it. Maw wants to give it away, 'tain't none o' yo' business.  and down I'll never get this collar on. what you says when you does it. looks pretty enough to go anywheres. forgit your manners.", "Childern:": "was bare! What time is it, old witch!", "Jonnny:": "Johnny, Ginny & Toby singing Zip-a-dee-do-dah, zip-a-dee-ay, Page 62/64", "Three children:": "Rabbit. Hi there, Brer Rabbit.", "Children:": "day, plenty of sunshine headin' my way. zip-a-dee-ay. zip-a-dee-ay. wonderful day. my way, wonderful feeling, wondeful day. My oh my, what a wonderful day. headin' my way."}, "spider-man-2-2004.pdf": {"(CONT'D)": "     (CONT'D)Titanium bars slide across the windows. Steel shutters come down. Laser trip-beams spin a glowing web across the living room. Another beam lances from the ceiling and performs a retinal scan of Peter. He flinches.     (CONT'D)(CONT'D)He walks toward the monitor, which displays an octopus, along with a diagram of its nervous system.    (CONT'D)Peter with a look of open-mouthed wonder. The music breaks off. Now the 'pods assume a configuration like a daddy long-legs, \"toes\" splayed against the dais, arching high into the air. Among them hangs, perfectly at ease, Otto. One at a time, in turn, he raises and lowers each foot.   (CONT'D)She's in costume as Elizabeth Frankenstein and holding a blond wig in her hands. (CONT'D)Scans the skies over Ninth Avenue. All quiet. There's nothing there now.   (CONT'D)She sits a moment longer. Then she stands up and takes the plate of cookies away from him.     (CONT'D)ceiling. Clambers across the newsroom, over the astonished staff. Out a window, upside down.         (CONT'D)The homeless man unzips the bags and yanks out the costume. It's blackened and crumpled but still gorgeous. Real.         (CONT'D)He hits the security panel. An image of the lobby station. The guard is dead.       (CONT'D)She pulls back from the window. Summons her nerve. Goes to the window and throws it open. Steps out onto the little balcony of her apartment.   (CONT'D)Peter drops the bike, and runs into the midst of the gang. They turn on him. The Sikh man crawls out of the melee, bleeding. The looters swell around Peter, kicking, stomping, punching. He goes down under the surf of men. Then, with an audible     (CONT'D)Distant sound of  (CONT'D)He's there. In his coat. Backpack on his back. Leaving. ", "(CONT'D)FADE IN:": "", "PETER (V.O.)": "Look at this guy. Sailing over the Sheep Meadow, bouncing off the top of Reptile House. Sharp turn onto Fifth Avenue, hard around the Plaza Hotel. Look at him. Like he doesn't have a care in the world. You probably think it'd be cool to trade places with this guy. Styling costume. Awesome powers. Greatest damn city in the world. Is that what you're thinking? He gets just enough bounce to catapult him up over the top of the Empire State Building. Toe barely grazes the needle tip. Well, maybe you'd better think again. He pinballs down Fifth Avenue and then out", "FIFTH AVENUE": "is a torrent of taxis and humans and steam from the manholes. He skims along it like a dragonfly, heading downtown.", "(CONT'D)PETER (V.O.)": "Maybe you'd better wait until you see the kind of day this guy's having.", "JJJ": " Any sign of him? No? What the hell do you think--", "PETER": " Didn't get a single damn picture of any of it.", "(CONT'D)PETER": "", "MR. AZIZ": "Twenty-one minutes ago, in comes an order from the high-quality law firm of Foehn, Harmattan & Buran for seventeen extra large deep-dish pizzas. In eight minutes, I am defaulting on the Mineo's twenty-nine minute guarantee. Indeed numerous banners and signs proclaim Salim was deported yesterday. I have no hope but you. You must make it in time. He starts thrusting pizzas at Peter, stacking them in Peter's arms until we can't see his face anymore. You are fired, that is what you are. The pizzas arrived three minutes late! Peter, the twenty- nine minute guarantee is a promise. I know a promise means nothing to you, but to me it is serious. Peter Parker! I am sorry, Peter, but following your downsizement I have been obliged to hire my nephews from home. He nods his head toward If anything they are even less competent than you, but they are family. He reaches for the phone. All right, but I hope you have a very modest habit, my friend, because this is not going to buy you much of a fix. Thank you, Peter. You are a very good person. Peter staggers to his feet.", "GOON": "Christ, I think you broke my tailbone! I was only going ask for your", "HARRY": "What. No! This isn't-- I'm not-- He stumbles to his feet, stoned and terrified, and lurches out of the laboratory. Ock swings another fell-looking unit into place near Peter's head. All of the 'pods are working in balletic unison to prepare the procedure. No. No, Dad. He's my friend. He looks into the mirror over the mantlepiece. Norman is there. Dad, I don't know. I'm not sure. There's a lot I don't understand. I swear. I swear! As he says this he", "MJ'S VOICE": "Hello. This is Mary Jane Watson, star of the Broadway stage. (beat) You guys, I'm so nervous!Peter checks his watch.", "CZERNOWITZ": "...as a doctoral candidate he was dazzling. Now I'm afraid he's left us mere mortals far behind. It's my great honor to present, director of the Anansi Project, winner of a National Science Medal, Dr. Otto Octavius. Otto. They shake hands awkwardly. Then Otto strides to the podium. Grins, self mocking. Behind him on a table, a violin and bow. Piano to one side.", "OTTO": "You love him. You might be right. There might be. Slowly, the 'pods snake up toward the rafters of old building. Lash around them. Pull tight. Let's find out. With a crash, he pulls the ceiling in. The walls begin to collapse in on themselves. A pillar tips over onto Otto, then smashes through the floor, dragging Otto with it. Into the water below. With a", "(CONT'D)OTTO": "He told you I was \"dazzling,\" but what he's too nice to bring up is was what an insufferable little wretch I was. Laughter. The lights dim; spot on Otto. Behind him a large flatpanel monitor descends. As he talks, the display will mirror, expand on and illustrate his words. There are four shunts that interface directly with my central nervous system. I wear it. But it's also wearing me. He reaches up and takes hold of the latch, with its spirit level bubble. That's great! It's a conceptual breakthrough! Well, sort of. You see-- All you need to know is that in return for your--corporate support--for this procedure... I guarantee you that transition to the next level of human evolution will...unavoidably... kill Spider-Man. There's a distant rising Okay, There's no way to avoid it. We only need pieces of him, really, but they're rather crucial pieces. She's coming closer to Otto.", "AUDIENCE": "Shock, even revulsion at the sight of the implants. Then a surge of", "ASSISTANT": "Look at his eyes! Professor Octavius? OTTOLies on the floor, naked, in the rig. Weird fluid seeping from the flesh/machine interface. The assistant goes for the phone, stabs out a code. This is Gretchen McCord, in the Anansi lab. I need help. I need doctors. A lot of doctors. An", "TEAM LEADER": "(relieved) I'm fine, chief.", "(CONT'D)TEAM LEADER": "Otto, it was too long. You stayed in the Rig too long.", "(CONT'D)HARRY": "Pete? Harry sits up, drunk and stoned but still Harry. Why don't you have him yet? What am I paying you for?", "ROSE": "What's this? Wouldn't you know it. Sixty dollars a ticket and we get the understudy. She's terrible.", "SOPHIE": "Deirdre's probably in rehab again.", "RENARD": "Oh oh. Oh! (bad acting) Yeah, that's tough. I know how you're feeling. Somehow not quite sincere.", "MJ": "  Go. Go! I'll be fine. He starts to peel off his shirt. You forgot your camera! Spider-Man swings around a corner and straight through the heart of a burning building.", "ACTOR": "Boyfriend? Eh, who needs him?", "STAGE MANAGER": "", "USHER": "(checks watch) About forty-two minutes from now.", "EXPLODES.": "", "SPIDER-MAN": "Speak for yourself.", "MOTHER": "Maniac! Idiot! Peter stumbles to his feet. Two big", "TAUNTING MAN": " We get five, six guys together, we could take him. That's like, what, two million apiece. Come on. But he doesn't step forward. Nobody steps forward. Then a little kid steps forward. Twelve or thirteen.", "(O.S.)": "That sucks.", "KID": "You in for it now. The kid hands Spider-Man an early copy of tomorrow's Bugle.", "MJ--": " ", "MAY": "", "PETER: Okay.": "", "SPLAT.": "Peter emerges from the bedroom, looking satisfied.", "(CONT'D)MAY": "Spider-Man? (nods) One look at you and I should have known. Well, isn't this--snug. Here, I made you some soup, and your favorite, a Boston cream pie. Real whipped cream.", "(CONT'D)FELLOW MOTORIST": "Yo, butthead, your motorcycle is on fire. Peter scrambles over onto the shoulder. Leaps off the burning bike. Contemplates the flames then starts to stamp them out. This quickly devolves into a vicious kicking.", "(CONT'D)PETER'S FACE": "Oh, brother. Here we go. He takes a deep breath, then sits down beside Harry.", "(ON TV)": "Well, this is great opportunity for me, but mostly I just wish for a very speedy recovery for Deirdre. Otto's gaze remains scientific, but somehow softened. Towels off his hair, watching MJ's lovely face. We pull back and reveal as we do so his four backjacks, each capped with a rubber seal, glistening. For the fact that Spider-Man is a damn coward? Absolutely not! As much as I deplore this Doctor Octopus character's methods-- That's what we're going with, what do you think? A", "INSERT": "The next day's", "YOUNG MAN": "The yellow light's flashing. Peter waits a moment, then runs over to the machine. The", "GROCER": "What's the matter with you? He's a good guy. I'm sorry, Spider-Man. Here. He jabs the grubby pile of bills toward Spider-Man. A", "OLD LADY": "Ten million dollars! They start toward him, and then they're on him, bludgeoning him with their handbags.", "HIDE.": "", "(CONT'D)JJJ (CONT'D)": "Did you read what that lady said? \"Delusionary.\" \"Narcissistic.\" \"Messiah complex.\"", "DR. CHOMSKY": "Nightmares? They are. But you can learn a lot about a person by going through their garbage. Harry thinks. He closes his eyes.", "HARRY'S NIGHTMARE": "He's shaking hands with his father. They're both smiling. Then with a horrible wet sound Harry splits open, right down the center, and Norman Osborn steps out of the husk. The real Norman starts to laugh his", "O.O.": "", "MJ \"O.O.?\"": "", "THE RIG": "Deep in its sensor, a diode pulses. Now it's watching", "(CONT'D)MJ": "Otto... please. She climbs unsteadily to her feet. Looking him in the eye.", "FOOTSTEPS, VOICES.": "", "REVERSE ANGLE": "On the front step as", "(CONT'D)OTTO (CONT'D)": "In theory your friend could seed this with some of his own spiderized", "THE AIRVENT": "A tiny thread drops from it. Weighted with little suction cup of webbing. The little fishing line drops into the tray. Bounces. Misses the baggie. Bounces again. Snags it.", "(CONT'D)CLERK": "Can I help you?", "CLERK": "A Y-gauge... what are you trying to treat, a rhinoceros?", "DITKOVICH": "Pretty girl is here.", "BEN": "", "MAN": "Yeah? The 'pods snake out around Otto, fatal and alert. On", "YOUNG WOMAN": "Hello.", "SECOND MAN": "You don't got to be rude, bitch. Peter, sweating. His fingers flex. His lips narrow. His eyes meet the second man's. The train pulls screeching into the station. The doors open and the girl slips out. The men stand up as if to follow her, then sit back down. They laugh.", "HOMELESS MAN": "A hundred.", "ROBBIE": "Lighter fluid. He goes out. Shuts the door. Jonah goes over to the suit. Regards it. Leans forward. Sniffs it. A weird idea comes into his brain. He starts to unbutton his shirt.", "ANESTHESIOLOGIST": "I may need to give him a little more. So are we going to do this or not? The doctors look at each other.", "OTTO'S BODY": "We travel up along his hips and chest, through his neck and up to", "HIS EYES": "They snap open. Colored storms race across them. The surface of Jupiter. This won't do. He picks up a pair of eyeshields. Electrochromic lenses that darken at a touch. He darkens them, then smiles at the man in the", "THE 'PODS": "Go to work modifying the uniform. A blade. A needle. A heat sealer. Then they hand it back to Otto. He holds it up; now it can fit around the rig.", "DIRECTOR": "You've been fine. Take one. It's a proven fact that it's harder to cry if you have a mint in your mouth. She doesn't get it. Then she gets it. Tomorrow night. She's strong and in good voice, and she's all ready to go. I'm glad you feel that way, Please, have a mint. She takes a mint. Allie Black is going to take over as the Shepherdess. And as Mrs. Frankenstein's understudy. MJ's eyes fill with tears. She goes pale. Well, I just think, and Howard agrees with me, that it would be best. Overall. It's not you, Talent? Yes. And guts. Looks, too, if you don't mind my saying so. But-- Nothing. You seem to have a hard time opening up. Really connecting to the audience. There's something broken way down inside of you that you don't want to let out. Most people don't. But actors have to. She nods, bitterly. She knows. She slips out.", "(CONT'D)DIRECTOR": "Sit down. She sits. He slides a box of mints across the desk.", "RECEPTIONIST": "Just a moment.", "HARSH VOICE": "", "(CONT'D)PETER (CONT'D)": "But I swear to you,", "WAITRESS": "I hope that was a rhetorical question. Peter takes out his wallet. As he opens his wallet, he already knows what he will find in it. It's empty.", "SPIDEY HOOD": "Shut up! He", "SECURITY": "", "SECURITY MAN": "Mr. Osborn! Are you all right?", "NORMAN OSBORN": "", "Peter sees:": "", "HIS COSTUME": "The sight of his shocks him. He walks up to Betty Brant's desk.", "BETTY": "You back on the job?", "(CONT'D)BETTY": "You sure know how to pick your moments.", "\"OCK'S RAMPAGE\"": "Three scenes of urban destruction.", "TOUR GUIDE": "...found in Oregon, weighing over 15 tons...", "WOMAN": "Spider-Man is responsible. You're welcome. Otto stalks away. We get a good look at him as he goes by. He looks bad. The toll on his tissues is becoming visible; tracery of black webbing across his skin.", "REPORTER": "Back to you, Denise.", "A MONITOR": "It displays the analysis of his immunoresponse. Not good.", "POLICEMAN": "That's as far as you can go, buddy. Peter steps back, horrified by the destruction. Peoplehuddle miserably nearby. A Nynex guy is standing on top of his truck, trying to see what's happening.", "BYSTANDER": "1 Where's Spider-Man in all this?", "NYNEX GUY": "He just climbed up the side of a building. He's talking to some girl! He's grabbing her! There's just time for the shock to register on Peter's facewhen Ock comes crashing past with That dude took my damn truck!", "COP": "No, you'll hit the girl. Ock's moving incredibly fast. He steps right over the police line--and right over Peter. Peter runs after them.", "see:": "", "THE WEB": "That Peter has improvised, from orange fencing, across the intersection. It's crooked and lame but Ock stumbles. Loses his balance.", "(V.O.)": "I just want to have a normal life. A life-- It was a five alarm fire. Gas fed. 300 firefighters. And the junior Senator from New York on the seventh floor. He comes swinging out the other side, clutching a With his lovely companion. He touches them down gently. Look at that guy. Look at him! You want to know the story of his life? No choice in the matter. No way out.", "LOOTER": "Man, shut up. His friends laugh. Then there's a cry for help. Peter looks. Some other Yo, why don't you go back to Baghdad?", "HARRY'S FACE": "Horror. The memory of Peter and his father shaking hands. Of Spider-Man leaving the corpse of Norman Osborn. Masks begin to circle one another in his mind--the masks of Norman Osborn's collection, Spider-Man's mask--and one other, green and grinning.", "CREAKING. MOANING.": "", "NORMAN OSBORNE": "Is he. Your friend. I guess that's why he stole your girlfriend. I guess that's why he killed me. ", "THE HEADLINE": ""}, "spiderman.pdf": {"\"SPIDER-MAN\"": "by David Koepp Based on Characters Created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko", "FADE IN:": "", "PETER (V.O.)": "Look, I'm going to warn you right up front. If somebody told you this was a happy story, if somebody said I was just your average, ordinary seventeen year old, not a care in the world...", "PETER": "Huh? Sorry, I wasn't listening. This enrages Flash; he punches Peter in the ribs. Peter groans in pain. Will a credit card be okay? The other two Punks laugh, they find Peter kind of amusing. This upsets Flash even more, he picks up a garbage can and is about to bring it down on Peter's head when a voice from behind stops him. Look, I know you mean that in a good way... Flash raises the trash can again. Thanks, That's what I was trying to say on the bus, I live right next door to you. And I'm in your biology class. They round a corner out of the alley, and we see- (to I was doing fine. She reaches out, wipes a bit of blood from his lower lip. Slowly. She smiles. For the school paper? The Tour Guide nods. A few Nine. Can I take your picture? I need one with a student in it. She hides a smile. She loves the camera. Ow!!! He shakes his hand, hard, to flip the spider off of him. The spider flies off and lands on the floor. From across the room, Flash bellows for ...don't feel well... (heading upstairs) ...not hungry... ...gotta sleep... everything's fine... His bedroom door (gasping) Help..... He falls to the floor, writhing in agony. He looks at the hand the spider bit, which is now completely red and swollen. He touches his wrists again, but yanks his fingers away. They are intensely sensitive. Fine! I'm fine. Just having... had a bad dream. Change! Yes! Big... change! Hey. He picks up his glasses from the counter top and puts them on. He squints, everything's fuzzy now. He takes them off and it's 20/20. He tries once more- on, off. He can see. \"...massive quantities of protein... natural juices of their prey...\" Aunt May and Uncle Ben look at each other, then back at him. Uh huh. Nope! Talk to her, talk to her, talk to her, talk to her... Feeling emboldened today, he raises a hand and waves. Damn! He looks around him. Nobody's watching, so he tries it again, bending his knees this time. He jumps, soars, straight up into the air- Hard to aim... One more try. This time the webbing flies across the alley and sticks to the side of the other building. Peter tugs on it. It's tough. He pulls harder. Can't break it. He wraps both hands around it and yanks as hard as he can. He doesn't break the webbing, what he does is pull himself right off the roof Weird sense... danger... We follow his hand and draw close to the back of his neck, very close, so close that we can see the very hairs on the back of his neck as they stand up! Reflexively, he whips around in defense posture, in time to see a I don't want to fight you, Flash. I did! Really! Friend 1 lunges at Peter, more Teachers stream in to hold them back, and it all dissolves into chaos. I'm trying, Uncle Ben, I am. I feel all this, this- (choosing words carefully) -power, but I don't know what it means, how to control it, even, or what I'm supposed to do with it. Uncle Ben, I think you're about the best father a guy could ever have. What really happened to my parents? They worked for the government, didn't they? I wish there was some way I could help you and Aunt May the way you helped me. Maybe get a job, pay some of the bills while you're laid off. Aunt May's medicine isn't exactly free, I mean, how I just want to help. Uncle Ben kisses him on top of the head. A spider with wings? He scribbles them out. He tries antennae, hates those too, crumples up the page and starts over. He sketches some web-type lines over the face and arms- hey, that looks cool. He draws the eyes. Large, wicked jack o'lantern ovals, with upturned edges. Ooohh... You didn't have to drive me, Uncle Ben. The train stops right across from the Library. Thanks. I got it.  My Uncle! That's my uncle! Oh, God, no! Frantic, Peter looks at the Paramedics. They're not giving They're not doing anything! Why aren't you doing anything?! (bursts away from the cops) What's the matter with you?! Is he okay? Is he gonna be okay? Why are you stopping?! He....? You need the extra money, you know you do. And I'll send more, as much as I can, as soon as I get a job. Expensive dump. Your ad mentioned a reward? If I tell you that, you'll send your own photographer next time. I want a job. A hundred?! No! Five hundred! Four! (to Hoffman) It's Parker, Sir, if you could just put me on the payroll, see, I really need the insurance I'd get with a full-time job, my aunt has this condition she- Hey! No, wait! He turns and follows, catches up to her. Good, good, okay, I'm... I'm alright. What are you doing here? Wow, I'm right here! (points to the building) I'm moving, though. This is hilarious, we can't get away from each other, huh? An audition, that's great, so you're an actress now, you're a real actress! Good for you. I'm going to college, Empire State. I could have stayed at home, but after... Well, a You wanna, um... grab a coffee or something? With me? I mean? Considering how hard his heart is beating, that came out as smoothly as could be expected. As she is about to answer, a truck I don't have stuff, Harry, this'll take me about three minutes. Harry comes in and flops on the \"bed.\" Peter starts putting things in a moving box. (shrugs) Ran into a friend. You sure you've got room for me? Oh, my... I'm gonna live here? This is too generous. You've gotta let me pay you my share. I insist. I'm totally broke as usual, but I want to pay something. Thanks, but I've gotta work the parade. Taking pictures. There is a What is it? (another knock) Aren't you gonna... (answer the door?) Hi. (trouble forming words) Guess not. Great! 'Scuse me a sec. He turns for the other room, anything to get out of there and regain his composure. Harry hurries across the room, catches up to him, lowers his voice. (not a good actor) Why would I care? Did you see it? Did you see what happened? Man, I hope I got a decent picture! Broken glass. Landed on it. Yeah. I'm an idiot. I was trying to get a picture of that thing in the sky and I stepped right out in front of a taxi. Must have knocked me twenty feet. Just a... few cuts and scrapes. I'll be fine. Avoiding Osborn's gaze, he limps over to the couch, where  I know you. I grew up six feet away from you. I knew when you were happy, I knew when things were bad- you'd play Nirvana. I'd lie in bed and listen to you crying. \"All alone is all we are.\" Well, you're not alone, Spider-Man wasn't terrorizing the city, he was trying to save it! How could you say that, it's libel! It's slander! I'm Peter Parker. They weren't Jameson's words, they were Peter's. Immediately, all four tentacles release Jameson and he collapses to the carpet. The tentacles slither and I don't know. I never saw his face. Octavius is livid. He peers more closely at Peter, one tentacle grabs his chin, turns his face toward him. Got lucky. Right place at the right time. What? Who? What? You're way out of line, man, you're paranoid. You don't know what you're talking about. Harry stares Peter down for a long moment. The phone is still ringing. Whose eyes? Who was it? Maybe. Maybe not. Words flow out of him, almost against his will. They speak in hushed whispers. What is this, an audition? Are you trying out for a new part? The best friend? That's what you're about to tell me, isn't it? You respect me, you admire me, you love me, as a friend. Right?! Don't bother with that speech, If you knew the first thing about me, you'd, you'd... if I could just tell you... He stops himself, barely. She looks at him. Keep away from me. I love- people get hurt. That's how it works. He turns and hurries off down the hospital corridor, leaving one very puzzled chick behind. You... This isn't possible... Uncle Ben... Oh God, I'm sorry, I'm so sor- I love her, Uncle Ben. All I'd have to do is tell her, tell her who I really am, and she'd- Sure would. Because she wouldn't be safe a single minute for the rest of her life. (looks at him, knows there's more) Partly. Who I am? Because of who I am, you were killed. Aunt May almost- who's next? How can I be sure no one else will get hurt? Yes? Wordlessly, the Man in the Black Suit hands Peter a creamy white envelope, then turns and walks away. Peter looks down at the envelope, curious. He opens it, his eyes scan the page, the typed letters dissolve into the image, backwards red letters that spell- Me? She sent me a- Danger! The elevator! Don't go in it! I'm so sorry. We're sort of orphans, aren't we? What do we have left?", "FLASH": "Next time you're gonna pay, puny Parker, you are gonna pay. Peter spits out some blood. (shudders) I step on them. Couldn't keep away from her, could you? You just had to stick your camera in her face. I wouldn't want to fight me either. A crowd quickly forms around them. Flash takes two more swings, but again Peter ducks them- and fast. Flash is puzzled. Sensing an attack from behind, Peter suddenly ducks. One of Flash's cronies, who was sneaking up on him, is left grabbing air. Peter stands, flips the guy off his back.", "M.J.": "What kind of man- They turn. A girl stands in the entrance to the alley- Leave him alone, Flash. Frustrated, Flash upends the trash can, dumping its contents on Peter's head and tossing it aside. He and the other Punks head for the mouth of the alley, leaving Peter behind, covered in garbage, humiliated. Huh? (I've never seen you before in my life) Oh yeah! Well, you better get away from me. Flash has a real temper, and I might not be there to save your butt next time. Sure you were, Tiger. She disappears into the crowd. Peter sighs, and sits at the edge of a fountain, starts cleaning himself off. He watches her walk away. She owns his heart. Ours too. We go with I love spiders. (wide-eyed, loving it) Disgusting. That's what my agent tells me. This girl is out of his league. Above, the spider continues to drop, straight down toward Peter's right hand, which he's using to click the shutter and wind the film advance. Peter clicks off another shot. The spider draws closer, headed for I gotta go. She hurries away, tossing a moderately concerned look over her shoulder. Hold the phone, she's hot... Back in the fight, Peter clenches his hands into fists to go on the offensive. Off to the side, one of the classroom doors opens. Peter pulls back to throw a punch, just as a By the way... I know. Who are you? I do? (doesn't look up) Buzz off. She walks right past him and continues on down the sidewalk. Oh, hey, right, how are you? I live around the corner. Yeah. Hey, I gotta take a shower and get over to an audition, so, uh... Yeah, I'm working steady. It's great, you know, I've never been happier. It's like some kind of dream. Peter, I'm so sorry. I heard about your uncle, when that happened. I'm sorry, man. He just nods, looks away. There is an awkward pause. Some dream. Can't keep away from one another, right? Oh, no... No! Don't leave me here! Harry hesitates, torn- turns and climbs away, off the bleachers. Thank God! Help me! The helicopters arrive, the doors open- -and they point their cameras at her. Some help! From below, Spider-Man is approaching. I knew you'd call! Promise? He turns to go, but she holds onto him. Hey! Don't I get to say thank you this time? She stretches up, on her tiptoes, and leans in close to him. She kisses him, open-mouthed, brushing her lips along the outside of his mask. He nearly swoons, leans in for more- -then pulls back. This is his best friend's girl! How come? Got a Mrs. Spider-Man waiting somewhere? He pivots and takes off, disappearing over the edge of the building. (pause) I'm fine too. Thanks. Peter? She gets up and heads for his bedroom. You landed on it? Thanks for standing up for me, Harry. You know what? He's right. I don't know what I'm doing with you either. That creep is right. You're becoming somebody's father, all right. Mine. She storms out of the apartment, I do, better than I ever have. Twice today, I needed him, really needed him, and he wasn't there. I need, I need- look, I don't have a clue what I need, okay? There isn't a person on this earth who knows me, including There's only one guy who's ever been there when I needed him. (Peter looks hopeful) And he wears a leotard. (laughs, in spite of herself) ...Spider-Man! Will she be okay? I been there. I know it feels like your fault. I thought it was my fault when my dad left, but it wasn't. You're good to her. That's all you can be. You're good to everyone, Peter. What? Hey, wait, Peter? (closer) Peter? She's really studying him, staring into his eyes. Is there a flash of something else there? Harry, you're the one who- She stops herself and the three of them stare at one another in confusion. But they aren't looking at each other for long before they hear something, something   What? Harry, for God's- Watch out! Don't let him- Too late. The Goblin Kiss me now. Don't have to tell him twice. Their mouths fall together and devour one another. Us too? Friends again? Over her shoulder, Peter's eyes are filled with emotion, he's torn in half. A", "TEACHER": "People, please, no wandering! If you are a Midtown High School student on the field trip, I need you in the building now! What the hell is going on out here?! Flash turns at the voice, but it's too late for Peter to pull the punch. It lands solidly on Flash's jaw and sends him sailing back against the lockers, hard. He slumps to the floor, unconscious. Peter", "HARRY": "Anything wrong, Dad? You hardly said a word all the way from the house. They say if you talk about something that worries you, you take away its power. (stung) Sorry. Norman looks at him, something very definitely on his mind. He glances up, notices the DRIVER's eyes in the rear view mirror as they dart away from him. Then what? (feebly) I like it better. What are you looking at? He turns and stalks up the steps of the building. Peter sighs. Rough morning. Leave him alone. The Popular Kid turns, sees Harry Osborn staring at him in a slouchy sorta way. Or my father will fire your father. The Popular Kid blinks, looks at Harry, who stares, hyper- confident. The Popular Kid backs off, I'm starting to like the little spazz. She smiles- friendly, shy, demure, leading- a proven-effective combination, and it's not lost on Harry. How you gonna pay for it? Please don't make me do this. I'm begging you. Impatient, Osborn reaches past him and pushes one of only two silver buttons on the panel next to the door. Dr. Octavius... Octavius turns, what do you want? Norman raises an eyebrow. Well? Harry swallows- -then turns and walks quickly out of the lab. Whatever it was, he can't do it. Norman's face registers his disapproval. He turns back to Sorry I'm late, my father was inflicting permanent psychic damage on me. That takes time, even for him. And he's good. (noticing Peter) What's the matter with you? You Wow, yeah, that's horrible. Dude, lighten up? This is the day you kiss this dump goodbye. I think I can squeeze you in. Eh? Eh? Okay. Your share is half of what I pay, so you owe me... hang on, let me run the numbers... nothing. My dad bought it for me, for God's sake! A three bedroom apartment in the middle of Manhattan? If I don't Look, all you have to do is meet the old bastard and make him like you, and believe me, that'll be payment enough. He's coming by tomorrow, after the parade. Hey, you wanna come to the parade with Pete, there's something I gotta tell you. Peter looks at him- what? Harry hesitates. This is awkward. The knock comes at the door again. Yeah, I just... yeah. You remember So we, um, I had to do it, man, she's all I thought about for the past year. I couldn't get her out of my mind. She drives me insane, Dude, just look at her... Hey, you don't have to sell Peter Parker on Mary Jane Watson, Isn't it great? Harry and I'll get help! Dad! You're early. Norman Osborn takes a few proprietary steps into the apartment. He's sweating. You're not going to believe what happened at the parade! I'm fine. (off Norman's concerned look) Really. Thanks for asking. Thanks, Dad. (what's up with you?) Hey, why don't we have a Thanksgiving dinner? I didn't make anything, but the three of us He's not a tenant. He goes to school with me. He's you know, an amigo. That's weird, I didn't know he was here. Pete, there you are. This is my father, Norman Osborn. But- He just doesn't understand. (suddenly angry) That \"creep\" is my father! If I'm lucky, I've got the brains and the guts to become half of what he is, so you just watch your mouth, you little- She's gone. Peter has just come out of his bedroom.  I wonder. Get that innocent look off your face, you can't pull it off. The phone starts to ring. We're not finished. (snatches up the phone) Hello. Yeah? What? There is a long pause, then he turns to Peter, his face ashen. Dad? Norman Osborn, dressed in normal clothes, steps into the hallway, startled. They talk, from this great distance. Osborn is just a dark shadow. Are you kidding? He tries to deny it, but he's been in love with her since he was twelve years old. I'm sorry. You must think I'm so weak. Oh God, Dad, you hate me... I know you hate me. (to Peter) Well? What do you want? Oh, God... They all leap back as the bomb Fine, stay down here and die! He jabs one of the two silver buttons, the one with a big arrow pointing up. Peter takes a step back, the doors begin to close. Who is he? You're in love with someone else. I've got a right to know who it is. (scary Harry) Stop him! Please! Spider-Man turns towards Harry who is beseeching him. He's my father... Hey man, Spidey can relate to that. He rolls over, flips his wrists up, sends out two heavy strands of webbing- -which  Thanks for everything, Peter. Harry takes Peter's hand, shakes it hard. Peter wants to cry out, but manages to just wince. Me too, Buddy. Me too. Not much. Harry pulls away and looks Peter in the eye.", "OSBORN": "You'll have to get dinner yourself tonight, I need to work. I was under the impression you asked me to give you a lift, not deliver a speech on the way. John? Would you mind? I don't appreciate the amateur psychoanalysis. Maybe you should stop seeing Dr. Hirsch, you're starting to think you've got his degree. Considering OsCorp's market capitalization just exceeded the gross national product of Spain, the answer to your question is no, there's nothing wrong at the company. How many private academies have you been kicked out of? (Harry looks away) Has it sunk in for you that you're now attending a public school? Are you aware of the ramifications of One day you will inherit OsCorp. One day you will run my company. My grandfather's company. Since you asked, Harry, that's what worries me. In fact, it terrifies me. Harry mumbles something inaudible, humiliated. Are you going to disappoint me? Harry turns, dares to raise his eyes to his father's. His mouth moves, he's going to try to answer, but he's afraid. Suddenly, both rear doors fly open, pulled smartly by Walk beside me, not behind. Harry steps up his pace to fall in beside his father. They reach an elevator, one of the two glass ones that cling to the side of the building. The twin elevators are guarded by two more You wanted to learn. You'll learn. Don't. I just ate. Inside the elevator, a motor starts to I abhor weakness. I don't permit it in myself; I won't tolerate it in you. Running a company is a lot more than handing out paychecks. Suddenly, the elevator stops and the doors Good morning, Doctor... He casts a glance inside the isolation tank, where the robotic arms wave, in constant elegant motion. An update. What are you working on right now? Annoyed, Octavius touches a foot pedal at the base of the robotic arm device he's wearing. A metal corset that grips his torso automatically opens, releasing him from its grasp. He pours himself a coffee from a nearby pot. Excellent. Side-effects? So they become stronger and smarter. But it kills them. Not exactly marketable yet. The other projects? That's what I'd hoped to hear. How long have you been with the company, Otto? Close. Four years, three hundred and sixty-four days. Tomorrow will be five years. Tomorrow your stock options will vest and you will become a disturbingly wealthy man. That would be tomorrow. Today- All projects, notes, works-in- progress, and, oh yes, unvested stock options will remain the exclusive property of OsCorp Industries. Two guards appear on either side of Octavius to take him out of And this company is mine. I made a rash promise to you; I'd be unwise to keep it. I have shareholders to answer to. Thank you for your service. Feel free to list me as a reference. I said Who... who are you?! What do you want? What do you mean? No! Don't talk like that! Don't say these things! Please... That isn't true! I've never thought that! But he's- my God, he's- What are you going to do?! The face begins to move, sliding grotesquely back into Osborn's own face. God, no, no, please-  Happy Thanksgiving to you too. I know. I heard all about it. He settles onto the sofa next to (ignoring her) Harry, I know I've... let you down. On occasion. In the past. He glances at (back to the old Norman) Can't today, working. But I'd be happy to pick up your check. Where's this new tenant of ours? I'm afraid I need to meet him and go. Speak of the devil. Tell him we don't have maid service. The drop of blood falls- - and Osborn turns to walk out. The drop hits the light-colored carpet, right where he was standing. Osborn, the last in the doorway, freezes, tilts his head at the sound. Good hearing, man. The other two leave, but Osborn turns and walks back to where he Likewise. Osborn steps forward. Forgetting, Peter extends his right hand, the one with the cut, which has been hastily wrapped up. Osborn takes it and squeezes, Peter Better have me take a look at it. Osborn unwraps the handkerchief, takes it off Peter's hand, revealing the jagged cut made by the Goblin's boomerang. Osborn's eyes widen, he looks directly into Peter's eyes. I really should be going. Harry? He nods toward the hallway, for Harry to join him. A word to the not-so-wise. That little tart will be gone at the first sign of trouble and she'll take half your trust fund with her. I'm not finished. Peter Parker... Peter... Parker? He takes a few steps forward, closer in this long hallway. Harry... no, Harry, you mustn't say that, you mustn't ever say that. Whatever's happened with us in the past, it doesn't matter. I love you. I love you and I'll do anything I can to help you. (barely maintaining) Be... right down... son. Off, we hear Harry's footsteps as he leaves. Osborn turns back to face the Goblin. Go away! Leave my son alone! I am Norman Osborn, I am Norman Osborn, I am Norman Osborn...", "DRIVER": "Not at all, sir.", "STUDENT": "Osborn. Gotta be Osborn.", "TOUR GUIDE": "They are in the order Aranae, which is divided into three sub-orders- Mesothelea, Orthognatha, and Labidognatha. All spiders are carnivorous, ravenous eaters who feed on massive quantities of The crab spider- family Thomisidae, genus Misumena- spins no web to catch its prey, but hunts instead, Over five painstaking years, Columbia's genetic research facility has fully mapped the genetic codes of each of these spiders. This is the Recombination Lab, where we use synthesized transfer-RNA to encode an entirely new genome, combining genetic information from all three spiders into these ten genetically-designed Just imagine- if one day we can isolate the strengths, powers and immunities in human beings and transfer that I beg your pardon?", "POPULAR KID": "Or what?", "DOWN BELOW,": "The group is led toward a set of sealed glass doors to another laboratory. The Tour Guide leads the group over. The tour group has given up on the mystery of the missing spider and is following the Tour Guide, who's heading off for the next part of the lab. The Goblin is going too fast to stop, and sails right through the open door of an office building. Spider-Man swings into view and lands, hands and feet clinging to the vertical high tension wires.", "CUT TO:": "                        ", "ANNOUNCER (O.S.)": "-three thousand dollars, one thousand per minute in the ring, payable", "UNCLE BEN": "Hey, Pete. Take a look at the act this joker cooked up. Calls himself Bone Saw McGraw. What? (waves it off) He's seventeen. He's seventeen. She heads for the stairs, but Uncle Ben takes her arm and stops her gently. Something you want to tell us? Peter stops chewing for a second, thinks. How exactly do you word this? Answer- you don't. I won't ask what the fight was about, that's your business. You're changing, and that's normal. This is the age when a man becomes the man he's going to be for the rest of his life. All I'm saying is to You'll figure it out. You're one smart cookie, Pete, your teachers tell me they've never seen a science whiz like you at this age. Knowledge is power. But with great power comes great responsibility. Uncle, Peter. Uncle. You had a father. Here we go again... (gets up) Paying bills is my job, not yours. Love you for that, kiddo. He goes inside. Peter turns and looks through the window as Uncle Ben settles back into his Barcalounger. He says something positive to Aunt May, who's on the sofa. She casts a hopeful look out at Peter as Uncle Ben picks up the remote and turns the I thought this'd give us a chance to talk. Who needs words? Peter laughs and shakes his head. Uncle Ben grabs a brown paper bag from the back seat and starts to hand it to Peter, who snatches it away from him anxiously. Pick you up on this corner at six o'clock! Peter waves and heads off down the street, walking against the tide of wrestling fans as his uncle pulls back into traffic. Peter watches till the Chevy is gone, then turns around and joins the crowd headed into the arena, just as a deafening Always remember, Peter. Lightning flashes in the sky, outlining Uncle Ben's face, turning it into a skeleton's head for a split-second before wiping it out completely. As Spider-Man dissolves into ....great responsibility. Lightning flashes, Relax, kiddo. It's a dream, Pete. You're still back at home. You fell asleep on the sofa, it's about seven in the morning. You're gonna wake up in a few minutes. Peter just stares, stunned for a long moment, absorbing this Hey. He pulls back, sharply, puts his hands on Peter's shoulders. I've only got a minute or two, before the doorbell wakes you up. I know you do. Be pretty easy, huh? So why don't you tell her? Is that why? She needs to love you, Pete. Not the guy in the mask. But burning that mask isn't the way to protect her, or yourself. You can't deny who you are, buddy. You can't. It's called life. You can't bet on it, you can't manage it or control it, all you can do is lead the one you were meant to live. A faint", "AUNT MAY": "Hello, dear, how was the field trip. I saved a nice plate for you in the oven, we had pot roast with- Where are you going? Is he alright? Does he have the flu? He's depressed. Everything okay? Peter turns, gnawing on a piece of meat loaf. You don't have to give up your room, Peter. College, a job, your own place... You're not Superman, you know. Peter laughs, grabs her in a ferocious hug. Our Father, who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name. Behind her, the drapes are still open. Out the window, a tiny  Those eyes... the devil's eyes... ...horrible yellow eyes! With a frightened shudder at the memory, Aunt May rolls over and lapses back into unconsciousness. Peter's own eyes pop open. Oh, God. Surely she doesn't mean...", "RING ANNOUNCER": "Seventeen seconds?! Seventeen seconds, ladies and gentlemen!! Is there no one who can last three minutes in the cage with Bone Saw McGraw? Bone Saw Will the next victim please enter the ring at this time! If he can withstand just three minutes in the cage with Bone Saw McGraw the sum of three thousand dollars will be paid to... (back into microphone) Three thousand dollars will be paid to", "stretcher:": "", "SPIDER-MAN": "(likes the sound of it) \"Spider-Man.\" Yeah, Spider-Man! Not a bad costume, what is that, Spandex? I used Lycra for mine and it itches like crazy. Bone Saw attempts to back fall, to crush Spider-Man under him, but our hero is too quick for that. He stretches out a wrist and shoots a web straight above him, to the bars at the top of the Okey-dokey! He lets go of his webbing, dropping twenty feet, straight down. He lands right on top of Bone Saw, who drops to the canvas beneath him, pinned. The Crowd freaks out. Flashbulbs pop. Spider-Man raises his arms, triumphant. A hundred bucks? The ad said three thousand! You don't understand, it's not for me, it's for my aunt, she needs this medicine, see, and- I missed the part where this is my problem. He turns and walks away down the corridor. This is for the man you killed. -and punches the Carjacker in the jaw. The blow lifts the man right off his feet and sends him sailing into one of the unbroken windows, which  I can't! -he shoots out a web, which catches the Thief by the ankle, just above the ground, saving his life. With a  We do not hit women! The Thugs You know. Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man. He leaps up, onto the side of the nearest building and starts climbing, straight up. She watches him go, astonished. Leave him alone. The Cop fumbles for his gun, Spider-Man turns, crawls up the building. The Cop Hey. The Goblin whirls around, furious. \"Get out of my way or I'll destroy you, please.\" The Goblin whips a boomerang out of his Goblin bag and    I really gotta go. But he doesn't move. She whispers, close and breathy. Can I wear it home? Hang on, hang on!! He squeezes even tighter. The elevator approaches at breakneck speed! The Goblin reaches into his bag again, pulls out a pumpkin bomb. He pulls a hand back, to throw the bomb. The hand starts forward- -but is stopped in mid-air, grabbed-   But I can't. I will never forget these", "BONE SAW": "", "PROMOTER": "Now get outta here. Check it again, webhead. It said three grand for three minutes. You pinned him in two. For that I'll give you a hundred, and you're lucky to get it, wise ass. You made my best fighter look like a Hey! What the hell do you- He turns. Silhouettes move violently in the frosted glass window in the door to the administrative offices. The Promoter's shadow is thrown violently to the floor, the door", "COP": "Hey, you! Stop that guy! Spider-Man looks up, at the Thief racing straight at him, at the Cop giving chase, at the opening elevator behind him. He thinks, debates- -and takes a step back. The Thief races right past him and into the elevator. What the hell's the matter with you?! You just had to knock him down! The Promoter comes rushing up out of the office, a large red welt growing on his cheek. Stop that guy! Hey! What the hell do-", "THIEF": "Thanks, freak. The doors close and he gets away. The Cop arrives,", "PARAMEDIC": "He passed away, sir. I'm sorry, sir. Peter backs away in horror, unable to believe his eyes. Behind him, a", "CARJACKER": "Don't hurt me! Give me a chance, man, give me a chance!", "ghastly truth:": "He failed to stop the very man who murdered his uncle. Images flood back at him,", "SERGEANT": "", "face:": "", "JAMESON": "Yeah, who the hell is he, and what's he doing on the front page of my newspaper? He struts off across the chaotic newsroom, side by side with Spider-Man, page one, tomorrow! With a picture this time! I said a picture, not an ink blot! Leaping back across the newsroom, we hear him bellow. That's why we put quotes around it! Other Where'd you get these? No jobs! Free lance, Perky, best thing in the world for a man your age, don't get tied down! I'll give you a hundred bucks for the lot. He turns and leaves his office. Peter follows. Deal! (holds out his hand) Two! You win. Hoffman. -social security, and voluntary contribution to that charity my wife likes. Insurance?! What are you, a photographer or a claims adjuster?! What happened to hard drinking and Australian bush hats and lying to foreign women? Stick around, Kid, I'll make a journalist out of you, Because he's a vigilante! Thinks he's above the law! What if he turns against us someday?! It's just a matter of time! Look at him! Look at those eyes! They look up at a picture of Spider-Man, a grainy blow up of his You like that, \"Green Goblin?\" Made it up myself. Ever since Spider-Man, they all gotta have a name. What are you, his lawyer? So let him sue me, and get rich like a normal person, that's what makes this country He isn't here! He's a free-lancer, we don't even know where he lives! Next time call for an appointment, Doctor... Doctor... Octopus. (shaking his head) City just isn't the same since Rudy's gone.", "ROBBIE": "We sold out all four printings, Jonah. Every copy. (smiles) You're the boss. You know that isn't true. How come you hate him so much?", "STORE OWNER": "He's a criminal! He tosses the action figure back at the Entrepreneur. I", "headline:": "", "DISSOLVE TO:": " ", "LAB WORKER": "Dr. Ocatvius.... It's Mr. Osborn, sir, he's here. In the lab, sir. The man turns and we see the face of", "OCTAVIUS": "Vanish. I don't have time for insults. What do you want? Human Performance Enhancers. Nearly there. We tried vapor inhalation with rodent subjects, they showed an 800 percent increase in strength. Intellectual capacity increased beyond measurable limits of testing, and maze-solving (shrugs) Propensity toward violence, central nervous system breakdown, domination obsession, decompensation, insanity, death. All good, individual airborne transports are all tested, they look fine, hallucination orbs are good to go. Manufacture can start in a month, we can deliver to the government by the end of the year. If that's all... He finishes his coffee and steps back into the robotic arm device, hits the footpedal. The metal corset holds him in its grip again and he goes back to work. Osborn turns, looks at Harry, who is lurking nearby. Osborn raises an eyebrow. Harry takes a step forward, nervously. Five years. Why? What?! -doors on the sides of the lab open suddenly. Norman, please, I don't care about the money, this work is my life! Get away from me! Norman, stop it! Frustrated, Osborn That... is I am Otto Octavius. Where is Peter Parker? Peter's eyes widen. He freezes. Jameson chokes, You're lying. Jameson opens his mouth, words come out. The man in the mask, the \"Green Goblin.\" Who is he? I How did you get that picture? I'll be watching you, Peter Parker. In case you're ever \"lucky\" again. Octavius turns and heads back for the window. Jameson, who has regained himself, struggles to his feet, rubbing his neck. Don't call me that! Okay, from now on, we'll call him \"Doc Ock.\" In a flash, Doc Ock is gone, out the window. Peter and Jameson hurry over, Jameson still", "HARRY (O.S.)": "Your stuff's not even packed? Peter turns. Harry Osborn stands in the doorway, still in the suit and tie he wore earlier. Dad? Are you okay?", "GREEN GOBLIN": "I am the voice you refuse to hear... The dream you're afraid to remember... To say what you won't... To do what you can't... You already know... Horrified, Osborn shakes his head from side to side- no, not that- It seems he does know. A threat to the company. One day he will destroy it. Lay waste to your grandfather's company... Unless he's stopped. Before it's too late. You think that every day. Abraham was willing... he had the strength... so too do Protect the company... Osborn Find the weak link. Break it in two. Get out of my way or I'll destroy you! I'm warning you, Spider-Man! I'm no purse snatcher or chain-grabber! I am like you! I am more than you! The Goblin throws a furious punch that sends Spider-Man flying off the Glider. Spidey sails through the air- I may not be able to kill you, Spider-Man... but if it's the last thing I do, I'll make you wish you were dead!  (piously) Amen. Those ungrateful brats! Did they think they could treat an Osborn this way? Did they dream there would not be hell to pay? Not just the idiot son, Osborn... the harlot as well... the interloper... All three of them... They must be dispatched. From a great height... Osborn suddenly clutches his head, in horrible agony, trying Norman is weak... Norman's a waste... Osborn drops to his knees, hands to his skull. Goodbye, children! Time to throw you from the nest! He presses the button. Do you like my razor bats? The razor bats swarm around Spider-Man, slashing his skin and costume. But he is forced to put both hands back on the cable, to try and abate the elevator's deadly plunge! He looks up- it's only a hundred feet above, and still dropping! I'll kill you!  Don't play your death scene yet, my little actress! Let's stop somewhere you'll have an audience! Below, Spider-Man is crawling up the web strand toward them. The Goblin sees him. He pulls out a boomerang and   ", "MAYOR": "Ah! Yes, that one is Snoopy, a sort of devil-may-care dog who flies his doghouse around and pretends to be a World War I pilot. The Interpreter interprets, but the Foreign Leader looks baffled. Oh, here comes Garfield, my favorite! Garfield is a wonderful sort of, uh, sarcastic cat. (the Interpreter looks puzzled) \"Sarcastic cat?\" Don't you have a ", "NEARBY,": "Harry and", "IN MID-AIR,": "We're flying, a first-person shot. A deranged Whatever-it-is curls up into the sky, banks, and hovers right over us, giving us our first good look at it. It's the The Goblin looks up, amazed. Now- The boomerang Spider-Man falls, straight down, plummeting toward the pavement. Just two floors from becoming a smashed spider, Spider-Man reaches out and grabs hold of a flagpole that juts out from the side of a building. His grip is strong, he flips around it twice, releases, sails through the air, and lands- -and at the apex of his jump, he shoots out a web, it catches on the side of a building, and he swings away as the scaffolding implodes in a would-have-been deadly rumble of wood and metal. Spider-Man falls, falls, tumbles through the sky over Manhattan, the ground racing up at him, fast and inevitable. He stretches out his arms, shoots out webs, one after the other,  -and ", "ABOVE THEM,": "Rivets", "POSITIVE": "Norman Osborn smiles.", "MAN": "Peter Parker?", "-OSCORP.": "The early morning is thick with fog. We're high above OsCorp Plaza, on top of the towering black OsCorp Building, behind its red neon sign. Down below, we see three solitary figures approaching the middle of the plaza from three different directions. The plaza and the building are deserted at this hour.", "DOC OCK": "Thought you'd never see me again, didn't you Osborn?! Harry turns, eyes wide, to look at Doc Ock. Who, me? Spider-Man turns, eyes wide, and looks at Harry. Who, him? I've awaited this moment, Norman! Harry and Spider-Man both turn, eyes wide, and look at the Goblin. Who,  No! Don't arrest him! He points all four tentacles down, straight toward the pavement. They stiffen, elongate, become stilts that lift his body up, high above the crowd.   He's alive! You fool, you left him alive! Spider-Man! Doctor Octopus strikes a pose of operatic anguish- head thrown back, tentacles waving,", "M.J. SCREAMS.": "", "CONSTRUCTION WORKERS": "", "IN MID-AIR": "The web catches", "CO-PILOT": "", "SPIDER-MAN (V.O.)": "Tell her. Tell her. Peter and"}, "Star Wars_ episode IV.php": {"STAR WARS:": "Episode", "LUCASFILM LTD.": ": A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away... A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title. War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls into infinity.", ":": "A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away... A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title. War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls into infinity. It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships,", "THREEPIO": "You must repair him! Sir, if any of my circuits or gears will help, I'll gladly donate them.", "LUKE": "He'll be all right.", "VADER": "What?", "REBEL OFFICER": "We intercepted no transmissions. Aaah... This is a consular ship. Were on a diplomatic mission.", "TROOPER": "Open the blast doors! Open the blast doors!", "CHIEF PILOT": "There goes another one.", "CAPTAIN": "Hold your fire. There are no life forms. It must have been short- circuited.", "INT. LIFEPOD": "Artoo and Threepio look out at the receding Imperial starship. Stars circle as the pod rotates through the galaxy.", "WOMAN": "I've told you kids to slow down!", "FIXER": "I keep telling you, the Rebellion is a long way from here. I doubt if the Empire would even fight to keep this system. Believe me Luke, this planet is a big hunk of nothing... Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. The", "CAMIE": "Don't worry about it, Wormie. The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy shrugs his shoulders in resignation.", "BIGGS": "Wait!", "DEAK": "Not again! Forget it.", "DAY": "Luke leans over the back of the speeder and adjusts something in the motor compartment.", "LEIA": "(laughing) Hey, I knew there was more to you than money. Luke looks toward the ship.", "COMMANDER": "Yes, sir.", "SECOND OFFICER": "Lord Vader, the battle station plans are not aboard this ship! And no transmissions were made. An escape pod was jettisoned during the fighting, but no life forms were aboard.", "EXT. SPACE": "The Rebel ships race toward the fourth moon of Yavin.", "FIRST TROOPER": "It's them! Blast them! Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and charges the troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of the stormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain down the corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the floor.", "SECOND TROOPER": "What was that?", "INT. SANDCRAWLER": "Threepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the cramped prison chamber. Artoo appears to be shut off.", "BERU": "Luke, tell Owen that if he gets a translator to be sure it speaks Bocce.", "OWEN": "Well, he'd better have those units in the south range repaired be midday or there'll be hell to pay!", "AUNT BERU": "I think so.", "BEN": "You can't win, Darth. If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine. Their lightsabers continue to meet in combat.", "EXT. SPACE.": "An Imperial Stardestroyer heads toward the evil planet-like battle", "TAGGE": "And what of the Rebellion? If the Rebels have obtained a complete technical readout of this station, it is possible, however unlikely, that they might find a weakness and exploit it.", "MOTTI": "We've entered the Alderaan system. Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Her hands are bound.", "TARKIN": "You may fire when ready.", "BARTENDER": "No blasters! No blaster! With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to life and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cut in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled, cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns off his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt.", "CREATURE": "Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!? The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignore the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the belligerent monstrosity.", "HUMAN": "You'll be dead. The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the bar moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. His three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behind Luke.", "HAN": "Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all the credit and take all the reward. Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shoves at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.", "GREEDO": "That's the idea. I've been looking forward to killing you for a long time.", "IMPERIAL OFFICER": "The final check-out is complete. All systems are operational. What course shall we set?", "SPEEDER LOT": "Ben and Luke are standing in a sleazy used speeder lot, talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-like used speeder dealer. Strange exotic bodies and spindly-legged beasts pass by as the insect concludes the sale by giving Luke some coins.", "JABBA": "(to his men) Put your blasters away. Han, my boy, I'm only doing this because you're the best and I need you. So, for an extra, say twenty percent I'll give you a little more time... but this", "OFFICER CASS": "Our scout ships have reached Dantooine. They found the remains of a Rebel base, but they estimate that it has been deserted for some time. They are now conducting an extensive search of the surrounding systems.", "EXT. HYPERSPACE": "The pirateship is just coming out of hyperspace; a strange surreal light show surrounds the ship.", "OFFICER": "We've analyzed their attack, sir, and there is a danger. Should I have your ship standing by?", "VOICE": "(over speaker) Rebel base, three minutes and closing.", "HAN'S VOICE": "Hey down there, could you give us a hand with this? The stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of gunfire is heard.", "GANTRY OFFICER": "Take over. We've got a bad transmitter. I'll see what I can do. As the officer approaches the door, it slides open revealing the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentary state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chilling howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blow.", "INTERCOM VOICE": "Standing by. The rumble of a distant explosion begins.", "TROOPER VOICE": "Open up in there!", "FIRST OFFICER": "(to his troops) Follow me! You stand guard. The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving a guard to watch over the command office.", "BEN'S VOICE": "Remember, the Force will be with you... always. The ship rocks back and forth. Page 142/144", "SPACE": "The Imperial", "WILLARD": "When we heard about Alderaan, we were afraid that you were... lost Page 106/144", "DODONNA": "(over headset) Red Leader, this is Base One. Keep half your group out of range for the next run.", "GOLD LEADER": "Loosen up!", "WEDGE": "Sorry!", "MAN'S VOICE": "(over loudspeaker) All flight trooper, man your stations. All flight troops, man your stations. Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight of his friend's departure.", "RED LEADER": "(over headset) Get set to make your attack run.", "CHIEF": "Okay, easy she goes!", "RED TEN": "I can't hold them!", "RED SEVEN": "(over Biggs' headset) Red Seven standing by.", "PORKINS": "Red Six standing by.", "RED NINE": "(over headset) Red Nine standing by.", "RED ELEVEN": "(over headset) Red Eleven standing by.", "X-": "wing fighters move in toward the Imperial base, as the Death Star aims its massive laser guns at the Rebel forces and fires. wing joins him, and both unleash a volley of laserfire on the Imperial fighter.", "ASTRO-OFFICER": "We count thirty Rebel ships, Lord Vader. But they're so small they're evading our turbo-lasers!", "CONTROL OFFICER": "Squad leaders, we've picked up a new group of signals. Enemy fighters coming your way.", "LUKE'S VOICE": "Artoo, see what you can do with it. Hang on back there. Green laserfire moves past the beeping little robot as his head turns.", "GOLD FIVE": "They came from behind...", "GOLD TWO": "The guns... they've stopped!", "WINGMAN'S VOICE": "(over speaker) Yes, sir.", "BASE VOICE": "(over speaker) His computer's off. Luke, you switched off your targeting computer. What's wrong?", "WINGMAN": "Look out!", "FADE OUT:": ""}, "star wars_the-empire-strikes-back.php": {":": "From a story by George Lucas", "LUKE:": "(into comlink) Echo Three to Echo Seven.  Han, old buddy, do you read me? After a little static a familiar voice is heard. (into comlink) Right.  I'll see you shortly. There's a meteorite that hit the ground near here.  I want to check it out.  It won't take long. Luke clicks off his transmitter and reins back on his nervous lizard. Hey, steady girl.  What's the matter?  You smell something? Luke takes a small device from his belt and starts to adjust it when suddenly a large shadow falls over him from behind.  He hears a monstrous howl and turns to see an eleven-foot-tall shape towering over him.  It is a Wampa Ice Creature, lunging at him ferociously. Aaargh! Luke grabs for his pistol, but is hit flat in the face by a huge white claw.  He falls unconscious into the snow and in a moment the terrified screams of the Tauntaun are cut short by the horrible snap of a neck being broken. The Wampa Ice Creature grabs Luke by one ankle and drags him away (weakly) Ben? Dagobah system? (moaning) Ben... Ben... Dagobah system... Han ignites Luke's saber and cuts the beast from head to toe.  He quickly tosses it's steaming innards into the snow, then lifts Luke's inert form and stuffs him inside the carcass. Dagobah... (moaning) Yoda... Thanks to you. Well, forget the heavy equipment. There's plenty of time to get the smaller modules on the transports. Thanks. Chewie, take care of yourself, okay? As Luke pats Chewie on the arm, Chewie puts his arms around Luke and gives him a tight hug.  Han is discussing the lifter with a repair droid when he sees Luke. Yeah. You, too. Luke smiles, then waves at his friend and walks on.  After a few steps, he stops and looks back.  Han glances up and the two exchange a silent communication, each wishing the other safety, happiness - many things, all difficult to verbalize. Just like new, Dack.  How about you? (quietly, strapping in) I know what you mean. (into comlink) Echo station Five-Seven.  We're on our way. (into comlink) All right, boys, keep tight now. Steady, Dack.  Attack pattern delta.  Go now! All right, I'm coming in. He turns his speeder and heads directly at one of the walkers, flying toward its towering legs.  The horizon twists as the speeder banks between the legs. (into comlink) Hobbie, you still with me? That armor's too strong for blasters. On the horizon, another walker moves up past Luke's cockpit window, twisting out of sight as Luke banks and starts another run. (into comlink) Rogue Group, use your harpoons and tow cables.  Go for the legs. It might be our only chance of stopping them. (to Dack) Just hang on.  Hang on, Dack.  Get ready to fire that tow cable. Barely keeping his seat in the tumbling ship, Dack struggles to set up Page 30/126 Dack?  Dack! Dack is lost.  Blood streams down his forehead, which rests on his smoldering controls.  Out the back window, an Imperial walker recedes in the distance. (into comlink) Rogue Three. (into comlink) Steady, Rogue Two (into comlink) I see it, Wedge.  Good work. (into comlink) Rogue Two, are you all right? (into comlink) We'll set harpoon.  I'll cover for you. (over comlink) Stay tight and low. (into comlink) Hobbie, I've been hit! Artoo!  Get her ready for takeoff. From his ship, Luke sees Wedge in his own X-wing, preparing for takeoff. Don't worry, Artoo.  We're going, we're going. The canopy over the X-wing lowers and snaps shut. (into comlink) There's nothing wrong, Artoo. I'm just setting a new course. Artoo beeps once again. (into comlink) We're not going to regroup with the others. Artoo begins a protest, whistling an unbelieving, \"What?!\" Luke reads Artoo's exclamation on his control panel. (into comlink) We're going to the Dagobah system. Luke checks his readouts and makes a few adjustments.  He rides along with only the soft hum of the instruments to break the silence. Finally, Artoo chirps up. (into comlink) Yes, Artoo? Artoo utters a soft, carefully phrased steam of whistles. (into comlink, chuckling) That's all right.  I'd like to keep it on manual control for a while. The little droid lets out a defeated whimper.  Luke smiles, and continues on his course. (into comlink) Yes, that's it.  Dagobah. Artoo beeps a hopeful inquiry. (into comlink) No, I'm not going to change my mind about this. (getting a little nervous) I'm not picking up any cities or technology.  Massive life-form (into comlink) Yes, I'm sure it's perfectly safe for droids. (into comlink) I know, I know!  All the scopes are dead.  I can't see a thing!  Just hang on, I'm going to start the landing cycle... The blast of the retrorockets is deafening, drowning out Artoo's No, Artoo, you stay put.  I'll have a look around. Artoo lets out a short beep.  As Luke moves along the nose, Artoo loses his balance and disappears with a splash into the boggy lake. Artoo? Luke kneels and leans over the plane looking for Artoo, but the water is still and reveals no sign of the little droid. Artoo!  Where are you? A small periscope breaks the surface of the water and a gurgly beep is heard.  The periscope starts to move to shore.  Relieved, Luke starts running along the nose of the fighter to its tip. Artoo!  You be more careful. The outline of the shore is now more than ten feet away. Luke jumps off the plane into the water, scrambles up to the shore, and turns to look for Artoo.  The periscope still steadily moves toward Page 51/126 Artoo - that way! Suddenly, through the thick fog layer, a dark shape appears, moving toward the little droid.  The dark, sinuous bog beast dives beneath the swampy water, making a loud clunk against Artoo's metal hull.  The droid disappears from sight, uttering a pathetic electronic scream. Holding his ignited lightsaber before him, Luke wades a few feet into Artoo! The black surface is still as death itself... until a few bubbles begin to appear.  Then, phheewaat!! The runt-size robot is spit out of the water, makes a graceful arc, and comes crashing down into a patch of soft gray moss. Oh, no!  Are you all right?  Come on.  You're lucky you don't taste very good.  Anything broken? Luke helps Artoo to his feet and begins wiping the mud and roots from his round metal body.  Artoo responds with feeble, soggy beeps. If you're saying coming here was a bad idea, I'm beginning to agree with you.  Oh, Artoo, what are we doing here?  It's like... something out of a dream, or, I don't know. Maybe I'm just going crazy. Ready for some power?  Okay. Let's see now.  Put that in there.  There you go. The droid whistles his appreciation.  Luke then opens a container of processed food and sits before the thermal heater. (sighs) Now all I have to do is find this Yoda... if he even exists. Nervously, he looks around at the foreboding jungle. Still... there's something familiar about this place.  I feel like... I don't know... (looking at the creature) Like we're being watched! I'm looking for someone. (Trying to keep from smiling) Right. I don't think so.  I'm looking for a great warrior. Put that down.  Hey!  That's my dinner! The creature spits out the bite he has taken.  He makes a face. Listen, friend, we didn't mean to land in that puddle, and if we could get our ship out, we would, but we can't, so why don't you just... Hey, you could have broken this. Don't do that.  Ohhh... you're making a mess.  Hey, give me that! I don't want your help.  I want my lamp back.  I'll need it to get out of this slimy mudhole. Oh, Artoo, let him have it! Artoo! (fed up) Now will you move along, little fella?  We're got a lot of work to do. I'm not looking for a friend. I'm looking for a Jedi Master. You know him? Stay here and watch after the camp, Artoo. Artoo beeps even more frantically.  But as Luke disappears from view, the worried little droid grows quieter, and utters a soft electronic sigh. Look, I'm sure it's delicious. I just don't understand why we can't see Yoda now. How far away is Yoda?  Will it take us long to get there? (a little angry) Oh, come on.  How could you know my father?  You don't even know who I am. (fed up) Oh, I don't know what I'm doing Yoda!  I am ready.  But I've learned so much. Yoda turns his piercing gaze on Luke, as though the Jedi Master's huge eyes could somehow determine how much the boy had learned.  After a long moment, the little Jedi turns toward where he alone sees Ben. I won't fail you - I'm not afraid. Vader.  Is the dark side stronger? But how am I to know the good side from the bad? But tell me why I can't... There's something not right here. Yoda sits on a large root, poking his Gimer Stick into the dirt. What's in there? Oh, no.  We'll never get it out now. Yoda stamps his foot in irritation. Master, moving stones around is one thing.  This is totally different. (focusing, quietly) All right, I'll give it a try. (panting heavily) I can't.  It's too big. (discouraged) You want the impossible. Quietly Yoda turns toward the X-wing fighter.  With his eyes closed and his head bowed, he raises his arm and points at the ship. Soon, the fighter rises above the water and moves forward as Artoo beeps in terror and scoots away. I don't... I don't believe it. Han!  Leia! The two packing boxes and Artoo fall to the ground with a crash, then Luke himself tumbles over. I saw... I saw a city in the clouds. They were in pain. Future?  Will they die? Yoda closes his eyes and lowers his head. I've got to go to them. I can't keep the vision out of my head.  They're my friends.  I've got to help them. But Han and Leia will die if I don't. But I can help them!  I feel the Force! But I've learned so much since then.  Master Yoda, I promise to return and finish what I've begun. You have my word. And that is why I have to go. You won't. And sacrifice Han and Leia? I understand. (he moves to his X-wing) Artoo, fire up the converters. Artoo whistles a happy reply. I will.  And I'll return.  I promise. Artoo closes the cockpit.  Ben and Yoda stand watching as the roar of the engines and the wind engulf them. (into comlink) No, Threepio's with them. Artoo whistles another worried inquiry. (into comlink) Just hang on.  We're almost there. You'll find I'm full of surprises. Vader makes two quick moves, hooking Luke's sword out of his hand and Page 111/126 No! Behind Luke the hydraulic elevator cover has opened noiselessly.  All the while, Luke slowly, cautiously moves back, away from the Dark Lord. Suddenly, Vader attacks so forcefully that Luke loses his balance and falls back into the opening.  There is a rumble, and in an instant freezing steam rises to obscure Vader's vision.   Vader turns aside and I'll never join you! No.  No.  That's not true! That's impossible! No!  No!  No! Ben... Ben, please! Luke tries to pull himself up on the weather vane but slips back down. He hooks one of his legs around the fragile instruments.  All the while, a powerful current of air rushes out at him from the exhaust pipe. Ben.  Leia! There is an ominous cracking sound from the base of the weather vane and a piece breaks off, falling into the clouds far below. Hear me!  Leia! Oh, Leia. Father. (moaning) Ben, why didn't you tell me? It's Vader. (over comlink) Good luck, Lando (into comlink) I'll meet you at the rendezvous point on Tatooine. (into comlink) Chewie, I'll be waiting for your signal. Chewie's wail comes over the comlink. (into comlink) Take care, you two.  May the Force be with you. Luke looks down at his hand.  A metalized type of bandage has been wrapped around his wrist.  The medical droid makes some adjustments in a tiny electronic unit, then pricks each one of Luke's fingers. Ow! Luke wriggles his fingers, makes a fist, and relaxes it.  His hand is Page 125/126", "HAN:": "(over comlink) Loud and clear, kid.  What's up? (over comlink) There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser. The sensors are placed, I'm going back. Chewie! The Wookiee grumbles a reply. All right, don't lose your temper. I'll come right back and give you a hand. Chewbacca puts his mask back on and returns to his welding as Han leaves. No sign of life out there, General. The sensors are in place.  You'll know if anything comes around. No.  He's checking out a meteorite that hit near him. General, I've got to leave.  I can't stay anymore. Princess Leia, standing at a console nearby, is dressed in a short white combat jacket and pants.  Her hair is braided across her head in a Nordic fashion.  She overhears their conversation and seems somewhat distressed. Well, there's a price on my head. If I don't pay off Jabba the Hut, I'm a dead man. Thank you, General. He turns to Leia as Rieekan moves away. (with feeling) Well, Your Highness, I guess this is it. (cooly) Well, don't get all mushy on me. So long, Princess. Han walks away into the quiet corridor adjoining the command center. Leia stews a moment, then hurries after him. Yes, Your Highnessness? Well, the bounty hunter we ran into on Ord Mantell changed my mind. We? Oh, what about you need? (shakes his head, fed up) You probably don't. No!  That's not it.  Come on. Aahhh - uh huh!  Come on. Leia stares at him, understanding, then laughs. Am I can arrange that.  You could use a good kiss! Angrily, Han strides down the corridor as Leia stares after him. (to Chewie) Why do you take this apart now? I'm trying to get us out of here and you pull both of these. Chewie grumbles in irritation. (to Chewie) Put them back together right now. What do you want? I turned it off.  I don't want to talk to her. What do you mean, \"nobody knows\"? Han glances at the fading light at the entrance of the ice cave as night slowly begins to fall on the planet. Deck Officer.  Deck Officer! Do you know where Commander Skywalker is? It's possible?  Why don't you go find out?  It's getting dark out there. Why not? Not likely.  Are the speeders ready? Then we'll have to go out on Tauntauns. That's right.  And my friends out in it. Then I'll see you in hell! Han maneuvers his mount out of the cave and races into the dark bitter night. Luke!  Luke!  Don't do this, Luke. Come on, give me a sign here. Luke doesn't respond.  Han begins frantically rubbing and slapping Luke's unconscious face.  As he starts to lift the youth, Han hears a rasping sound behind him.  He turns, just in time to see his Tauntaun stagger and then fall over into the snow. Hang on, kid. (reeling from the odor) Whew... ...but it will keep you warm... til I get the shelter built. (struggling to get Luke inside the carcass) Ooh... I thought they smelled bad How are you feeling, kid?  You don't look so bad to me.  In fact, you look strong enough to pull the ears off a Gundark. That's two you owe me, junior. Han turns as Leia enters the room.  He looks at her with a big, Page 16/126 Well your Worship, looks like you managed to keep me around for a little while longer. That's a good story.  I think you just can't bear to let a gorgeous guy like me out of your sight. Laugh it up, fuzzball.  But you didn't see us alone in the south passage. Luke sparks to this; he looks at Leia. She expressed her true feelings for me. Leia is flushed, eyes darting between Luke and Han. Who's scruffy-looking? (to Luke) Page 17/126 Take it easy. It could be a speeder, one of ours. It isn't friendly, whatever it is. Come on, Chewie, let's check it out. (over comlink) Afraid there's not much left. (over comlink) Droid of some kind.  I didn't hit it that hard.  It must have had a self-destruct. (over comlink) It's a good bet the Empire knows we're here. (into comlink, to Chewie) Okay, that's it.  Try it... Off! Turn it off!  Turn it off!  Off! Smoke rises from a minor explosion on the lifter.  Exasperated, Han surveys the new damage. Hi, kid. (to droid) There's got to be a reason for it.  Check it at the other end. Wait a second. (to Luke) Be careful. No, no!  No!  This one goes there, that one goes there.  Right? In another area of the hangar, Threepio watches as Artoo is raised up into Luke's X-wing fighter. You all right? Leia nods.  She is surprised to see him. I heard the command center had been hit. Don't worry.  I'll leave.  First I'm going to get you to your ship. Come on... that's it. Come on. Hurry up, goldenrod, or you're going to be a permanent resident! (to Chewie) How's this? The Wookiee barks a negative reply. It might. Threepio clanks into the hold. This baby's got a few surprises left in her, sweetheart. Han and Leia look out the cockpit window and see a squad of stormtroopers rushing into the far side of the hangar. Quickly, Han straps himself into the pilot's seat and Leia into the navigator's chair. Come on!  Come on!  Switch over. Let's hope we don't have a burnout. A laser hits the window near Chewie as he is settling into his chair. Letting out a loud whelp, Chewie quickly pulls back on the controls and the first stage of engine fire can be heard.  Han flashes a big grin at Page 41/126 See? Punch it! The roar of the Falcon's main engines blasts out everything as the ice- cave wall rushes by outside the cockpit window. (harried) I saw them!  I saw them! Star Destroyers, two of them, coming right at us. Threepio bumps and bangs his way into the cockpit. (to Leia) Shut him up or shut him down! (to Chewie) Check the deflector shield! Chewie barks a reply as he readjusts an overhead switch. Oh, great.  Well, we can still outmaneuver them. Prepare to make the jump to light- speed. (with a gleam in his eye) Oh yeah?  Watch this. Expectantly, they look out the cockpit window as stars do not go into hyperspace, but just sit there. Han and Chewie look at each other and are thrown into an acute state of I think we're in trouble. We're in trouble! The explosions become heavier. Horizontal boosters...! (Chewie barks) Alluvial dampers...!  Well that's not it. (Chewie barks) Bring me the hydrospanners! I don't know how we're going to get out of this one. Suddenly, a loud thump hits the side of the Falcon, causing it to lurch radically.  Chewie barks.  The tools fall into the pit on top of Han. Oww!  Chewie! More turbulence rocks the ship. That was no laser blast!  Something hit us. Come on, Chewie! Han climbs out of the hold like a shot.  Both he and Chewie run out of the hold and toward the cockpit. Oh, no!  Chewie, set two-seven- one. They'd be crazy to follow us, wouldn't they? Another asteroid thumps against the ship and Leia winces at the jolt. Never tell me the odds! You said you wanted to be around when I made a mistake; well, this could be it, sweetheart. I'm not going to argue with that. I'm going in closer to one of those big ones. Page 48/126 There.  That looks pretty good. Yeah.  That'll do nicely. Yeah, me too. I'm going to shut down everything but the emergency power systems. No, I need you to talk to the Falcon, find out what's wrong with the hyperdrive. Suddenly, the ship lurches, causing all the loose items in the cockpit to go flying.  Chewie howls. Not entirely stable?  I'm glad you're here to tell us these things.  Chewie, take the professor in the back and plug him into the hyperdrive. Sshh! Don't get excited. The anger rises in Leia. Sorry, sweetheart.  We haven't got time for anything else. Han grins quickly wickedly at Leia as he turns and exits through the door.  Leia's confused emotions show clearly on her lovely face. Page 54/126 Well, of course I'll have to replace it. He hands a wire coil up to Chewie who is working near the ceiling. Here!  And Chewie... Chewie brings his head back through the trap door in the ceiling and whines.  Han glances back at Threepio, then speaks quietly to Chewie so Page 59/126 (continuing) ... I think we'd better replace the negative power coupling. Leia finishes welding the valves she has been working on and attempts to reengage the system by pulling a lever attached to the valve.  It doesn't budge.  Han notices her struggle, and moves to help her.  She Hey, Your Worship, I'm only trying to help. Sure, Leia. I do, I really do.  You could be a little nicer, though. (he watches her reaction) Come on, admit it.  Sometimes you think I'm all right. (laughs) Scoundrel?  Scoundrel?  I like the sound of that. With that, Han takes her hand and starts to massage it. Stop what? Leia is flushes, confused. My hands are dirty, too.  What are you afraid of? You're trembling. You like me because I'm a scoundrel. There aren't enough scoundrels in your life. Leia is now very close to Han and as she speaks, her voice becomes an excited whisper, a tone completely in opposition to her words. Page 61/126 I'm a nice man. Thank you.  Thank you very much. I'm not really interested in your opinion, Threepio. Leia rushes into the cabin just as Han drops the final floor panel into place. Where? I'm going out there. I just got this bucket back together.  I'm not going to let something tear it apart. He and Chewie grab their breath masks off a rack and hurry out.  Leia follows. There's an awful lot of moisture in here. (to Leia) Watch out! The black shape tumbles off the spaceship and onto the ground in front of the princess.  Han bends down to investigate the dead creature. Yeah, that's what I thought. Mynock.  Chewie, check the rest of the ship, make sure there aren't any more attached.  They're chewing on the power cables. Go on inside.  We'll clean them off if there are any more. Just then, a swarm of the ugly creatures swoops through the air.  Leia puts her arms over her head to protect herself as she runs toward the ship.  Chewie shoos another Mynock away with his blaster.  Several of the batlike creatures flap their wings loudly against the cockpit Wait a minute... He unholsters his blaster and fires at the far side of the huge cave. The cavern begins to shake and the ground starts to buckle. Chewie barks and moves for the ship, followed closely by Leia and Han. The large wings of the Mynocks flap past them as they protect their faces and run up the platform. All right, Chewie, let's get out of here! The Wookiee heads for the cockpit as Han, followed by Threepio, rushes to the hold area and checks the scopes on the control panel.  Leia hurries after. (interrupting) No time to discuss this in committee. And with that he is gone.  The main engines of the Falcon begin to whine.  Leia races after him, bouncing around in the shaking ship. Sit down, sweetheart.  We're taking off! As the ship begins to move forward, Chewie barks.  He notices something out the window ahead.  Threepio sees it too. This is no cave. Let's get out of here.  Ready for light-speed?  One... two... three! Han pulls back on the hyperspace throttle and - nothing happens.  Flak bursts continue to rock the ship. (frantic) It's not fair! Chewie is very angry and starts to growl and bark at his friend and captain.  Again, Han desperately pulls back on the throttle. The transfer circuits are working. It's not my fault! Chewie puts his head in his hands, whining. It's not my fault. Turn her around. Chewie barks in puzzlement. I said turn her around!  I'm going to put all power in the front shield. (to Chewie) The fleet is beginning to break up.  Go back and stand by the manual release for the landing claw. Chewie barks, struggles from his seat, and climbs out of the cabin. Thank you. Well, if they follow standard Imperial procedure, they'll dump their garbage before they go to light-speed, then we just float away. Then we've got to find a safe port somewhere around here.  Got any ideas? The Anoat system. No.  Well, wait.  This is interesting.  Lando. He points to a computer mapscreen on the control panel.  Leia slips out of her chair and moves next to the handsome pilot.  Small light points representing several systems flash by on the computer screen. Lando's not a system, he's a man. Lando Calrissian.  He's a card player, gambler, scoundrel.  You'd like him. Bespin.  It's pretty far, but I think we can make it. Yeah, a Tibanna gas mine.  Lando conned somebody out of it.  We go back a long way, Lando and me. No.  But he has no love for the Empire, I can tell you that. Chewie barks over the intercom.  Han quickly changes his readouts and stretches to look out the cockpit window. (into intercom) Here we go, Chewie.  Stand by. Detach! Han leans back in his chair and gives Leia an invisible smile.  She thinks for a moment, shakes her head; a grin creeps across her face and she gives him a quick kiss. (into transmitter) No, I don't have a landing permit.  I'm trying to reach Lando Calrissian. More flak bursts outside the cockpit window and rattles the ship's interior.  Leia looks worried. (into transmitter) Whoa!  Wait a minute!  Let me explain. (to Chewie) Well, that was a long time ago. Page 86/126 (into transmitter) Thank you. Angry, Han snaps off the intercom.  Chewie looks at him and grunts. Han turns to the worried princess and her droid. There's nothing to worry about. We go way back, Lando and me. Leia doesn't look convinced. Well, what would you like? See?  My friend. (to Chewie) Keep your eyes open, okay? Chewie growls as Han walks down the ramp.  Lando and his men head across the bridge to meet the space pirate. (gestures toward the Falcon) Ahh... repairs.  I thought you could help me out. Your ship?  Hey, remember, you lost her to me fair and square. Chewie growls a reserved greeting.  Lando suddenly notices the princess and smiles. All right, all right, you old smoothie. Han takes Leia by the hand and steers her away from Lando. Hyperdrive. Good. Lando turns to Leia. How's the gas mine?  Is it paying off for you? You.  Listen to you - you sound like a businessman, a responsible leader.  Who'd have thought that, huh? Lando is reflective.  He looks at Han a moment. Yeah. The ship is almost finished. Two or Three more things and we're in great shape. Relax.  I'll talk to Lando and see what I can find out. Well, I don't trust him, either. But he is my friend.  Besides, we'll soon be gone. Page 95/126 Where?  Found him in a junk pile? Lando's got people who can fix him. No.  No problem.  Why? Han and Leia move arm-in-arm through the door, followed by Lando and Chewie.  The door slides closed behind them. Aren't you afraid the Empire's going to find out about this little operation and shut you down? I'm sorry, too. I feel terrible. Chewie helps Han to a platform and then turns as the door slides open revealing Leia.  She, too, looks a little worse for wear.  The troopers push her into the cell, and the door slides closed.  She moves to Han, who is lying on the platform, and kneels next to him, gently stroking his head. They never even asked me any questions. The cell door slides open.  Lando and two of his guards enter. Get out of here, Lando! Over to you? Luke? Perfect.  You fixed us all pretty good, didn't you? (spits it out) My friend! Han hauls off and punches Lando.  The two friends are instantly engaged in a frantic close-quarters fight.  The guards hit Han with their rifle Yeah, you're a real hero. Lando and the guards leave.  Han wipes the blood from his chin as Leia and Chewie help him up. (to Lando) What's going on... buddy? Stop, Chewie, stop!  Do you hear me?  Stop! Chewie!  Chewie, this won't help me.  Hey! Han gives the Wookiee a stern look. I know. Tears roll down Leia's face as she watches the dashing pirate walk to the hydraulic platform.  Han looks one final time at his friends - and then, suddenly, the platform drops.  Chewie howls.  Leia turns away in agony. Lando winces in sorrow; it makes a life-changing impression on him.", "RIEEKAN:": "Solo? Commander Skywalker reported in yet? (indicates radar screen) With all the meteor activity in this system, it's going to be difficult to spot approaching ships. Page 4/126 I'm sorry to hear that. A death mark's not an easy thing to live with.  You're a good fighter, Solo.  I hate to lose you. Princess... we have a visitor. The group hurries over to Rieekan. We've picked up something outside the base in zone twelve, moving east. Send Rogues Ten and Eleven to station three-eight. We'd better start the evacuation. Reroute all power to the energy shield.  We've got to hold them till all transports are away.  Prepare for ground assault. Rieekan exits hurriedly. Their primary target will be the power generators.  Prepare to open the shield. I don't think we can protect two transports at a time. (into comlink) Launch patrols.", "LEIA:": "That's right. Leia is angry.  Han sees she has no warmth to offer him.  He shakes his head and adopts a sarcastic tone. Han! Han stops in the corridor and turns to face Leia. I thought you decided to stay. Han, we need you! Yes. (mystified) I need?  I don't know what you're talking about. And what precisely am I supposed to know? Yes.  You're a great help to us. You're a natural leader... You're imagining things. I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee. (haughtily) I had nothing to do with it.  General Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for any ships to leave the system until we've activated the energy shield. I don't know where you get your delusions, laser brain. Chewie is amused; he laughs in his manner.  Han, enjoying himself, regards Chewie good-humoredly. My...!  Why, you stuck up,... half- witted... scruffy-looking ...nerf- herder! Why, I guess you don't know everything about women yet? With that she leans over and kisses Luke on the lips.  Then she turns on her heel and walks out, leaving everyone in the room slightly dumbstruck.  With some smugness, Luke puts his hands behind his head and grins. (into comlink) An Imperial probe droid. All troop carriers will assemble at the north entrance.  The heavy transport ships will leave as soon as they're loaded.  Only two fighter escorts per ship.  The energy shield can only be opened The ion cannon will fire several shots to make sure that any enemy ships will be out of your flight path.  When you've gotten past the energy shield, proceed directly to the rendezvous point.  Understood? Good luck. (to an aide) Evacuate remaining ground staff. You got your clearance to leave. (to controller) Send all troops in sector twelve to the south slope to protect the fighters. A blast rocks the command center, throwing Threepio backward into Han's arms. (to head controller) Give the evacuation code signal. And get to your transports! Leia looks exhausted.  Han grabs her and starts to lead her out. As Han, Leia, and Threepio run out of the command center, the code signal can be heard echoing off the corridor walls. Would it helped if I got out and pushed? Page 40/126 This bucket of bolts is never going to get us past that blockade. Someday you're going to be wrong, and I hope I'm there to see it. Han looks at Chewie. Saw what? They're getting closer! Watch what? Han tries again.  Still nothing. (over comlink) Han, get up here! Asteroids! Han changes places with Leia who has been at the controls, and Chewie gets into his chair.  Han works his controls as a chunk of rock crosses in front of the ship. What are you doing?  You're not actually going into an asteroid field? You don't have to do this to impress me. I take it back.  We're going to get pulverized if we stay out here much longer. The group watches as more asteroids race by outside the window. Closer? What looks pretty good? I hope you know what you're doing. Let go. Let go, please. Leia flushes, averting her eyes.  She's not exactly fighting to get free.  But, of course, Han blows it... Captain, being held by you isn't quite enough to get me excited. (still struggling) Would you please stop calling me that? Han hears a new tone in her voice.  He watches her pull on the lever. Oh, you make it so difficult sometimes. Occasionally... (a little smile, haltingly) ... when you aren't acting like a scoundrel. Page 60/126 Stop that. Stop that!  My hands are dirty. (looking right into his eyes) Afraid? Han looks at her with a piercing look.  He's never looked more handsome, more dashing, more confident.  He reaches out slowly and takes Leia's hand again from where it is resting on a console.  He I'm not trembling. Then with an irresistible combination of physical strength and emotional power, the space pirate begins to draw Leia toward him... very slowly. I happen to like nice men. No, you're not.  You're... He kisses her now, with slow, hot lips.  He takes his time, as though he had forever, bending her body backward.  She has never been kissed like this before, and it almost makes her faint.  When he stops, she regains her breath and tries to work up some indignation, but finds it hard to talk. (out of breath) There's something out there. Outside, in the cave. As she speaks, there comes a sharp banging on the hull.  Chewie looks up and barks anxiously. Are you crazy?! Then I'm going with you. This ground sure feels strange. It doesn't feel like rock at all. Han kneels and studies the ground, then attempts to study the outline of the cave. I don't know.  I have a bad feeling about this. Mynocks? The Empire is still out there. I don't think it's wise to... Han rushes past her and heads for the cockpit. (angry) I am not a committee! You can't make the jump to light- speed in this asteroid field... The cave is collapsing. What? Leia's mouth drops open .  She sees that the rocks of the cave entrance are not rocks at all, but giant teeth, quickly closing around the tiny ship.  Chewie howls. (almost expecting it) Page 76/126 You're going to attack them?! Shut up! What did you have in mind for your next move? No.  Where are we? Anoat system.  There's not much there. Lando system? Thanks. (reading from the computer) A mining colony? Page 83/126 Can you trust him? You do have your moments.  Not many, but you have them. I thought you knew this person. Chewie barks and growls at his boss. Who's worried? I don't like this. Leia. The sooner the better.  Something's wrong here.  No one has seen or knows anything about Threepio. He's been gone too long to have gotten lost. Han takes Leia by the shoulders and gently kisses her forehead. I don't trust Lando. And then you're as good as gone, aren't you? Not speaking, Han considers her words and gazes at her troubled face. What happened? Chewie sets the case on a table, grunting and groaning an explanation. Oh, what a mess.  Chewie, do you think you can repair him? The giant Wookiee studies the array of robot parts.  He looks at the princess and shrugs sadly. No, thanks. There is a buzz and the door slides open, revealing Lando. Not really. (coolly) Thank you. Lando. What about Han? Vader wants us all dead. And we're the bait. (dabs at his wound) You certainly have a way with people. I love you! Luke!  Luke, don't - it's a trap!  It's a trap! Before she can finish, she is pulled through a doorway and disappears from sight.  Luke races after the group, leaving little Artoo trailing behind. What do you think you're doing? Do you think that after what you did to Han we're going to trust you? Lando tries to free himself from Chewie. Oh, so we understand, don't we, Chewie?  He had no choice. What? Chewie. Chewie finally releases Lando, who fights to get his breath back. Luke... We've got to go back. Chewie growls in surprise. I know where Luke is. Chewie, just do it. It's Luke.  Chewie, slow down. Slow down and we'll get under him. Lando, open the top hatch. Lando rushes out of the cockpit. Okay.  Easy, Chewie. The Falcon closes in on Luke. (into intercom) Lando? I'll be back. She kisses him, then leaves the quarters. Star Destroyer. If your people fixed the hyperdrive. Another explosion rocks the ship.  Leia notices as a green light on the panel next to her flashes on. All the coordinates are set. It's now or never. Chewie barks in agreement.", "THREEPIO:": "Don't try to blame me.  I didn't ask you to turn on the thermal heater.  I merely commented that it was freezing in the princess' chamber.  But it's supposed to be freezing.  How are we going to dry Excuse me, sir. Might I have a word with you, please? Well, it's Princess Leia, sir. She's been trying to get you on the communicator. Oh.  Well, Princess Leia is wondering about Master Luke.  He hasn't come back yet.  She doesn't know where he is. Nobody knows where he is. Well, uh, you see... Han jumps down off the lift, as Threepio follows him. Excuse me, sir.  Might I inqu... Han abruptly puts his hand over Threepio's mouth as the deck officer approaches. Excuse me, sir.  Might I inquire what's going on? Page 9/126 Impossible man.  Come along, Artoo, let's find Princess Leia.  Between ourselves, I think Master Luke is in considerable danger. You must come along now, Artoo. There's really nothing more we can do.  And my joints are freezing up. Artoo beeps, long and low. Don't say thing like that!  Of course we'll see Master Luke again. Page 11/126 Mistress Leia, Artoo says he's been quite unable to pick up any signals, although he does admit that his own range is far too weak to abandon all hope. Leia nods an acknowledgment, but she is lost in thought. Artoo says the chances of survival are seven hundred seventy-five... to one. Leia stands praying to herself as the huge metal doors slam across the entrance of the ice cave.  The loud booms echo throughout the huge cavern.  Chewie lets out another suffering howl. Actually, Artoo has been known to make mistakes... from time to time. Oh, dear, oh, dear.  Don't worry about Master Luke.  I'm sure he'll be all right.  He's quite clever, you know... for a human being. Master Luke, sir, it's so good to see you fully functional again. Artoo beeps his good wishes. Artoo expresses his relief, also. Han and Chewie make their entrance.  The Wookiee growls a greeting. Excuse us, please. Sir, I am fluent in six million forms of communication.  This signal is not used by the Alliance.  It could be an Imperial code. The transmission ends in static. Artoo, you take good care of Master Luke now, understand?  And ... do take good care of yourself. Oh, dear, oh, dear. Your Highness, we must take this last transport.  It's our only hope. But... but... but... where are you going?  Uh... come back!! Wait!  Wait for me!  Wait!  Stop! The door to the hangar closes in his face. Page 39/126 (exasperated) How typical. Quickly, the door reopens as Han reaches out and pulls the golden droid through. Wait!  Wait! Captain Solo, Captain Solo... sir, might I suggest that you... Han gives the gold robot a devastating look. It can wait. Sir, sir!  Might I suggest... But, sir! The buffeting of lasers becomes louder and stronger. If I may say so, sir, I noticed earlier that the hyperdrive motivator has been damaged.  It's impossible to go to light-speed! Page 45/126 Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately three thousand, seven hundred and twenty to one. Pulverized? Closer?! Chewbacca barks the same word, only louder. Oh, this is suicide! Han notices something on his main scope and nudges his faithful Wookiee, pointing. (to Leia) Excuse me, ma'am, but where are we going? Out the cockpit window, they see that they are skimming the surface of the enormous asteroid and nearing a large crater. Sir, I'm almost afraid to ask, but... does that include shutting me down, too? Chewie barks \"yes\".  But Han thinks otherwise. Oh!  Sometimes I just don't understand human behavior.  After all, I'm only trying to do my job in the most... The sliding door closes behind the indignant Threepio as Chewie and he move back to the hold.  Suddenly, the ship lurches again, throwing Leia Oh, where is Artoo when I need him? Han enters the hold area and kneels on the floor near the control box. Sir, I don't know where your ship learned to communicate, but it has the most peculiar dialect.  I believe, sir, it says that the power coupling on the negative axis has been polarized.  I'm Sir, sir!  I've isolated the reverse power flux coupling. Han turns slowly, icily, from their embrace. Oh, you're perfectly welcome, sir. The moment spoiled, Han marches out after Threepio. Sir, if I may venture an opinion... I think it might be better if I stay here and guard the ship. (hears another mysterious noise) Oh, no. Ohhh!  Go away!  Go away!  Beastly little thing.  Shoo!  Shoo! Han looks around the strange, dripping cave. Look! We're doomed! Oh, thank goodness we're coming out of the asteroid field. Chewie barks excitedly as the rain of asteroids begins to subside.  A bolt from the Star Destroyer sets up a fiery explosion on the back side of the Falcon, causing it to lurch to one side. Sir, we just lost the main rear deflector shield.  One more direct hit on the back quarter and we're done for. Han pauses for a moment, makes a decision, and pulls back on a lever. Sir, the odds of surviving a direct assault on an Imperial Star Destroyer... Captain Solo, this time you have gone too far. (Chewie growls) No, I will not be quiet, Chewbacca. Why doesn't anyone listen to me? I really don't see how that is going to help.  Surrender is a perfectly acceptable alternative in extreme circumstances.  The Empire may be gracious enough... Leia reaches over and shuts off Threepio, mid-sentence. Rather touchy, aren't they? Oh.  No one to meet us. Well, they did let us land. Well, he seems very friendly. Hello, sir.  I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg relations.  My facilities are at your... Page 89/126 Well, really! Lando, his aide, Lobot, and Han lead the way across the bridge, followed by Threepio, Chewie and Leia. Oh!  Nice to see a familiar face. How rude! Threepio stops, watching the silver droid move away.  Then he hears the muffled beeping and whistling of an That sounds like an Hello?  How interesting.  Oh, my. Oh, I'm terribly sorry.  Mmmm.  Oh, my.  Uh, Stormtroopers?  Here?  We're in danger.  I must tell the others. Page 99/126 Oh, yes, that's very good.  I like that.  Oh!  Something's not right because now I can't see.  Wait. Wait!  Oh, my!  what have you done? I'm backwards, you stupid furball. Only an overgrown mophead like you If only you had attached my legs, I wouldn't be in this ridiculous position.  Now, remember, Chewbacca, you have a responsibility to me, so don't do anything foolish. Page 104/126 Oh, no!  No, no, no!  Stop, Chewbacca, stop...! The stormtroopers are about to bash Chewie in the face. Yes, stop, please!  I'm not ready to die. Han breaks away from his captors.  Vader nods to the guards to let him go and the pirate breaks up the fight. What... what's going on?  Turn round, Chewbacca, I can't see. Oh... they've encased him in carbonite.  He should be quite well-protected - if he survives the freezing process, that is. I knew all along it had to be a mistake. Chewie turns on Lando and starts to choke him. (to Chewie) What are you doing?  Trust him, trust him! It sounds like Han. (to Lando) I'm terribly sorry about all this. After all, he's only a Wookiee. Artoo!  Artoo!  Where have you been? Chewie turns around to see the stubby droid, causing Threepio to be spun out of sight of his friend. Well, at least your still in one piece!  Look what happened to me! Oh, no!  Chewie, they're behind you! A laser bolt explodes near the princess.  Everyone turns to see what Threepio has already spotted coming from the other direction; a squad of stormtroopers running toward them.  Artoo peeks out from the elevator. Artoo, you can tell the computer to override the security system. Threepio points to a computer socket on the control panel.  Artoo beeps and scoots toward it.  Lando meanwhile has connected up to the panel's intercom. Don't blame me.  I'm an interpreter. I'm not supposed to know a power socket from a computer terminal. What are you talking about?  We're not interested in the hyperdrive on the Millennium Falcon.  It's fixed!  Just open the door, you Page 114/126 (to Artoo) I never doubted you for a second. Wonderful! Artoo lays a cloud fog, obscuring everything, as the group dashes outside. Ouch!  Oh!  Ah!  That hurt.  Bend down, you thoughtless... Ow! Chewie starts up the ship.  The giant engines begin to whine as Lando and Leia race up the ramp under a hail of laser fire. I thought that hairy beast would be the end of me.  Of course, I've looked better. Artoo beeps understandingly. Noisy brute.  Why don't we just go into light-speed? Artoo beeps in response. We can't?  How would you know the hyperdrive is deactivated? Artoo whistles knowingly. The city's central computer told you?  Artoo-Detoo, you know better than to trust a strange computer. Ouch!  Pay attention to what you're doing! Chewie is in the pit.  He is trying to loosen something with an Artoo, come back at once!  You haven't finished with me yet! You don't know how to fix the hyperdrive.  Chewbacca can do it.  I'm standing here in pieces, and you're having delusions of Oh, you did it!", "DECK OFFICER:": "Yes, sir? I haven't seen him.  It's possible he came in through the south entrance. Yes, sir. The deck officer leaves hurriedly, as Han takes his hand off Threepio's mouth. Sir, Commander Skywalker hasn't come in through the south entrance. He might have forgotten to check in. Not yet.  We're having some trouble adapting them to the cold. Sir, the temperature's dropping too rapidly. Your Tauntaun'll freeze before you reach the first marker. Page 10/126", "ASSISTANT OFFICER": "I'll cover sector twelve.  Have com-control set screen alpha. Han pushes through the troops and mounts a Tauntaun.", "LIEUTENANT:": "Sir, all the patrols are in. There's still no contact from Skywalker or Solo. Yes, sir. The lieutenant walks away.  Chewie lets out a long, mournful howl, Page 12/126", "DERLIN:": "Your Highness, there's nothing more we can do tonight.  The shield doors must be closed. He turns to the lieutenant. Close the doors. Okay.  Everyone to your stations. Let's go! The pilots hurry away.", "BEN:": "Luke... Luke. You will go to the Dagobah system. There you will learn from Yoda, the Jedi Master who instructed me. The image of Ben fades, revealing a lone Tauntaun rider approaching from the windswept horizon. But you cannot control it.  This is a dangerous time for you, when you will be tempted by the dark side of the Force. It is you and your abilities the Emperor wants.  that is why your friends are made to suffer. Luke, I don't want to lose you to the Emperor the way I lost Vader. Patience. If you choose to face Vader, you will do it alone.  I cannot interfere. Luke, don't give in to hate - that leads to the dark side. Luke nods and climbs into his ship. That boy is our last hope.", "HAN :": "Not much time. He pushes Luke's inert form against the belly of the dead beast. (into comlink) Transport, this is Solo.  Better take off - I can't get to you. I'll get the princess out on the Falcon. Han and Leia turn and race down the corridor.", "ZEV:": "(into transmitter) Echo Base... I've got something!  Not much, but it could be a life form. (into transmitter) This is Rogue Two.  this is Rogue Two.  Captain Solo, so you copy? Commander Skywalker, do you copy? This is Rogue Two. There is a sharp crackle of static, then a faint voice. (switching transmitters) Echo Base... this is Rogue Two.  I found them.  Repeat, I found them. (into comlink) Yeah.  I'm with you, Rogue Leader. (into comlink) Coming around. (into comlink) Set for position three. (to gunner) Steady.", "ANNOUNCER:": "(over loudspeaker) Headquarters personnel, report to command center. The voice repeats the order and Han, Chewie, Artoo, and Threepio hurry out of the room, bidding farewell to Luke. (over loudspeaker) The first transport is away. Everyone cheers at the announcement, which echoes through the hangar. Luke turns and walks on, heading toward his snowspeeder.  His gunner, Dack, a fresh-faced, eager kid, is glad to see him.  They climb in. (over loudspeaker) Imperial troops have entered the base.", "SENIOR CONTROLLER": "It's metal. No.  Wait - there's something very weak coming through. Threepio steps up to the control panel and listens intently to the strange signal.", "PIETT:": "Admiral. I think we've got something, sir. The report is only a fragment from a probe droid in the Hoth system, Page 20/126 The visuals indicate life readings. But, sir, the Hoth system is supposed to be devoid of human forms. Vader moves to a large screen showing an image of the Rebel snow base. Rebel speeders can be seen approaching the base in the distance. Yes, my lord. Yes, my lord. Thank you, Lord Vader. Piett's pleasure about his unexpected promotion is not an unmixed emotion.  He glances warily at the struggling Admiral Ozzel who, with a final choke, stumbles and falls in a lifeless heap before him. Our ships have sighted the Millennium Falcon, lord.  But... it has entered an asteroid field and we cannot risk... Yes, lord. Lord Vader. The Emperor commands you make contact with him. Yes, my lord. Bounty hunters.  We don't need that scum. Those Rebels won't escape us. A second controller interrupts. Right. The group standing before Vader is a bizarre array of galactic fortune hunters There is Bossk, a slimy, tentacled monster with two huge, bloodshot eyes in a soft baggy face; Zuckuss and Dengar, two battle- scarred, mangy human types; Lord Vader!  My lord, we have them. Lord Vader, our ships have completed their scan of the area and found nothing.  If the Millennium Falcon went into light- speed, it'll be on the other side of the galaxy by now. Yes, my lord.  We'll find them. Alert all commands.  Deploy the fleet. They'll be in range of our tractor beam in moments, my lord. Page 121/126 Yes, my lord. Yes, my lord. Alert all commands.  Ready for the tractor beam.", "OZZEL:": "Yes, Captain (irritated) We have thousands of probe droids searching the galaxy.  I want proof, not leads! It could mean anything.  If we followed every lead... My lord, there are so many uncharted settlements.  It could be smugglers, it could be... Lord Vader, the fleet has moved out of light-speed, and we're preparing to... Aaagh!", "VADER:": "You found something? (studying the image on the console screen) That's it.  The Rebels are there. That is the system.  And I'm sure Skywalker is with them.  Set your course for the Hoth system.  General Veers, prepare you men. What is it, General? (angrily) The Rebels are alerted to our presence.  Admiral Ozzel came out of light-speed too close to the system. He is as clumsy as he is stupid. General, prepare your troops for a surface attack. Page 24/126 You have failed me for the last time, Admiral.  Captain Piett. Piett steps forward, as the admiral moves away, slightly confused, touching his throat as it begins to constrict painfully. Make ready to land out troops beyond the energy shield and deploy the fleet so that nothing gets off that system.  You are in command now, Admiral Piett. Yes, Admiral? (interrupting) Asteroids do not concern me, Admiral.  I want that ship and not excuses. No, Captain, they're alive.  I want every ship available to sweep the asteroid field until they are found. The Imperial star captains fade out one by one as Vader turns to Admiral Piett. Yes, Admiral, what is it? The admiral is scared, his face white as a sheet. Move the ship out of the asteroid field so that we can send a clear transmission. What is thy bidding, my master? I have felt it. Yes, my master. He's just a boy.  Obi-Wan can no longer help him. If he could be turned, he would become a powerful ally. He will join us or die, my master. Vader kneels.  The supreme Emperor passes a hand over the crouched Lord of the Sith and fades away. ... there will be a substantial reward for the one who finds the Millennium Falcon.  You are free to use any methods necessary, but I want them alive.  No disintegrations. Apology accepted, Captain Needa. Clutching desperately at his throat, Captain Needa slumps down, then falls over on his back, at the feet of Darth Vader.  Two stormtroopers pick up the lifeless body and carry it quickly away as Admiral Piett and two of his captains hurry up to the Dark Lord. Alert all commands.  Calculate every possible destination along their last know trajectory. Don't fail me again, Admiral. Vader exits as the admiral turns to an aide, a little more uneasy than when he arrived. We would be honored if you would join us. Han gives Lando a mean look. (to Fett) You may take Captain Solo to Jabba the Hut after I have Skywalker. Han's screams filter through the torture room door. He will not be permanently damaged. They must never again leave this city. Perhaps you think you're being treated unfairly. Page 100/126 Good.  It would be unfortunate if I had to leave a garrison here. Vader turns and sweeps into the elevator with Boba Fett.  Lando walks swiftly down another corridor, muttering to himself. This facility is crude, but it should be adequate to freeze Skywalker for his journey to the Emperor. An Imperial soldier appears. Page 103/126 Good.  Monitor Skywalker and allow him to land. The soldier bows and leaves the chamber. I do not want the Emperor's prize damaged.  We will test it... on Captain Solo. Lando's face registers dismay. The Empire will compensate you if he dies.  Put him in! Realizing what is about to happen, Chewie lets out a wild howl and attacks the stormtroopers surrounding Han.  Within seconds, other Imperial reinforcements join the scuffle, clubbing the giant Wookiee with their laser weapons. Well, Calrissian, did he survive? He's all yours bounty hunter. Reset the chamber for Skywalker. Good.  See to it that he finds his way here.  Calrissian, take the princess and the Wookiee to my ship. I am altering the deal.  Pray I don't alter it any further. Lando's hand instinctively goes to his throat as he turns to Leia, Chewie, and Threepio. The Force is with you, young Skywalker.  But you are not a Jedi yet. Luke ignites his sword in answer.  In an instant, Vader's own sword is lit.  Luke lunges, but Vader repels the blow.  Again Luke attacks, and the swords of the two combatants clash in battle. You have learned much, young one. Your destiny lies with me, Skywalker.  Obi-Wan knew this to be true. All to easy.  Perhaps you are not as strong as the Emperor thought. Through the steam behind Vader something blurs upward.  Liquid metal begins to pour into the pit. Vader turns around - and then looks up.  He sees Luke, who has leaped fifteen feet straight up and who now hangs from some hoses on the Impressive... most impressive. Luke jumps down to the platform where he is separated from Vader by the steaming carbonite pit.  He raises his hand.  His sword, which had fallen on another part of the platform, swiftly jumps into his outstretched hand and is instantly ignited.  Vader immediately lights his sword as well. Obi-Wan has taught you well.  You have controlled your fear... now release your anger. Luke is more cautious, controlling his anger.  He begins to retreat as Page 112/126 Only your hatred can destroy me. Breathing hard, Luke jumps in the air, turning a somersault over Vader. He lands on the floor and slashes at Vader as the room continues to fill up with steam. Vader retreats before Luke's skillful sword.  Vader blocks the sword, but looses his balance and falls into the outer rim of pipes.  The You are beaten.  It is useless to resist.  Don't let yourself be destroyed as Obi-Wan did. Luke answers by rolling sideways and thrusting his sword at Vader so viciously that he nicks Vader on the shoulder.  The black armor sparks and smokes and Vader seems to be hurt, but immediately recovers. There is no escape.  Don't make me destroy you.  You do not yet realize your importance.  You have only begun to discover your power.  Join me and I will complete your training.  With our combined If you only knew the power of the dark side.  Obi-Wan never told you what happened to your father. No.  I am your father. Shocked, Luke looks at Vader in utter disbelief. Search your feelings.  You know it to be true. Luke.  You can destroy the Emperor. He has foreseen this.  It is your destiny.  Join me, and together we can rule the galaxy as father and son.  Come with me.  It is the only way. Bring my shuttle. Did your men deactivate the hyperdrive on the Millennium Falcon? Good.  Prepare the boarding party and set your weapons for stun. Luke. Son, come with me. Luke... it is your destiny.", "REBEL CAPTAIN:": "Groups seven and ten will stay behind to fly the speeders.  As soon as each transport is loaded, evacuation control will give clearance for immediate launch.", "REBEL FIGHTER:": "Right, sir.", "MEDICAL DROID:": "Sir, it will take quite a while to evacuate the T-forty- sevens.", "VEERS:": "My lord, the fleet has moves out of light-speed.  Com-Scan has detected an energy field protecting an area around the sixth planet of the Hoth system.  The field is strong enough to deflect any He felt surprise was wiser... Yes, my lord. Veers turns smartly and leaves as Vader activates a large viewscreen showing the bridge of his mighty ship.  Admiral Ozzel appears on the viewscreen, standing slightly in front of Captain Piett. Yes, Lord Vader.  I've reached the main power generator.  The shield will be down in moments.  You may start your landing. All troops will debark for ground assault.  Prepare to target the main generator. Distance to power generators? Target.  Maximum fire power.", "HOBBIE:": "Two fighters against a Star Destroyer?", "PILOTS:": "(in unison) Right.  Okay.", "CONTROLLER:": "Sir, Rebel ships are coming into our sector. Imperial walkers on the north ridge.", "CAPTAIN:": "Good.  Our first catch of the day.", "WOMAN CONTROLLER": "Stand by, ion control... Fire!", "DACK:": "Right now I feel like I could take on the whole Empire myself. Luke, I have no approach vector. I'm not set. Luke, we've got a malfunction in fire control.  I'll have to cut in the auxiliary.", "TRENCH OFFICER:": "Echo Station Three-T-Eight. (over comlink) We have spotted Imperial walkers! Come on! The troops run toward the downed walker, followed by two Rebel speeders flying overhead.  Just as they reach the walker, it explodes, the impact throwing some of the men onto the frozen ground.", "WEDGE:": "(into comlink) Copy, Rogue Leader Page 31/126 (into comlink) Coming around, Rogue Leader. (to gunner) Activate harpoon. Wedge's gunner reaches for a firing switch to activate the harpoon. The harpoon flashes out, and speeds toward the receding legs of the walker. Detach cable. Good luck, Luke.  See you at the rendezvous. Luke smiles and nods at Wedge, then lowers himself into the cockpit of his X-wing while Artoo waits in the cubbyhole, beeping impatiently.", "LUKE :": "(over comlink) Wedge, I've lost my gunner.  You'll have to make this shot.  I'll cover for you.  Set your harpoon.  Follow me on the next pass.", "WEDGE :": "(to gunner) Good shot, Janson.", "JANSON :": "Coming around.  Once more.", "JANSON:": "Once more. Wedge swings the speeder between the legs of the giant walker. Cable out!  Let her go! Cable detached.", "LEIA :": "It's risky, but we can't hold out much longer.  We have no choice.", "HEAD CONTROLLER:": "K-one-zero... all troops disengage.", "OFFICER:": "Begin retreat!", "SECOND OFFICER:": "Fall back! Troops flee from the battle, the ground exploding around them.", "PILOT:": "One-seven, decimal two-eight. Veers reaches for the electrorangefinder and lines up the main generator.", "IMPERIAL OFFICER": "Take evasive action! Alarms sound all over the huge ship.  The two other Star Destroyers get Page 44/126 Skywalker has just landed, my lord.", "STRANGE VOICE:": "Feel like what? Luke jumps out of his skin.  Artoo screeches in terror.  The young warrior grabs for his lightsaber as he spins around, looking for the speaker.  Mysteriously standing right in front of Luke is a strange, bluish creature, not more than two feet tall.  The wizened little thing is dressed in rags.  It motions toward Luke's sword.", "CREATURE:": "Away with your weapon!  I mean you no harm. After some hesitation, Luke puts away his weapon, although he really doesn't understand why.  Artoo watches with interest. Page 55/126 I am wondering, why are you here? Looking?  Found someone, you have, I would say, hmmm? The little creature laughs. Help you I can.  Yes, mmmm. Ahhh!  A great warrior. (laughs and shakes his head) Wars not make one great. With the aid of a walking stick, the tiny stranger moves over to one of the cases of supplies.  He begins to rummage around. How you get so big, eating food of this kind? Page 56/126 (teasing) Aww, cannot get your ship out? The creature spots something of interest in Luke's case.  Luke loses patience and grabs the case away.  The creature retains his prize - a tiny power lamp - and examines it with delight. (retreating with the lamp) Mine!  Or I will help you not. Clutching its treasure, the creature backs away from Luke, drawing closer to Artoo.  As Luke and the creature argue, one of Artoo's little arms slowly moves out toward the power lamp, completely unnoticed by Mudhole?  Slimy?  My home this is. Artoo grabs hold of the lamp and the two little figures are immediately engaged in a tug-of-war over it. Artoo beeps a few angry, \"Give me thats.\" Mine!  Mine! Mine! The creature lets go with one hand and pokes Artoo lightly with one finger.  Artoo reacts with a startled squeal, and lets go. Mine! No!  No, no!  Stay and help you, I will. (laughs) Find your friend, hmm? Oohhh.  Jedi Master.  Yoda.  You seek Yoda. Mmm.  Take you to him, I will. (laughs) Yes, yes.  But now, we must eat. Page 58/126 (in the distance) Come, come. Artoo, very upset, whistles a blue streak of protest. Patience!  For the Jedi it is time to eat as well.  Eat, eat. Hot.  Good food, hm? Good, hmm? Moving with some difficulty in the cramped quarters, Luke sits down near the fire and serves himself from the pot.  Tasting the unfamiliar concoction, he is pleasantly surprised. Not far.  Yoda not far.  Patience. Soon you will be with him. (tasting food from the pot) Rootleaf, I cook.  Why wish you become Jedi?  Hm? Ah, your father.  Powerful Jedi was he, powerful Jedi, mmm. (irritated) I cannot teach him.  The boy has no patience. Luke's head spins in the direction the creature faces.  But there is no one there.  The boy is bewildered, but it gradually dawns on him that the little creature is Yoda, the Jedi Master, and that he is speaking", "EMPEROR:": "There is a great disturbance in the Force. We have a new enemy - Luke Skywalker. He could destroy us. The Force is strong with him.  The son of Skywalker must not become a Jedi. Yes.  Yes.  He would be a great asset.  Can it be done?", "BEN'S VOICE": "He will learn patience. Was I any different when you taught me? So was You don't know that. Luke looks toward the voice in amazement.  Ben has materialized as a real, slightly shimmering image near Yoda.  The power of his presence stops Luke.", "YODA:": "Hmmm.  Much anger in him, like his father. Hah.  He is not ready. Ready, are you?  What know you of ready?  For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi.  My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained! A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. He is too old.  Yes, too old to begin the training. Luke thinks he detects a subtle softening in Yoda's voice. (sighs) Will he finished what he begins? (turns slowly toward him) Oh, you will be.  You will be. Page 67/126 Run!  Yes.  A Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware of the dark side.  Anger... fear... aggression.  The dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join No... no... no.  Quicker, easier, more seductive. You will know.  When you are calm, at peace.  Passive.  A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack. (interrupting) No, no, there is no why.  Nothing more will I teach you today. Clear your mind of questions. Mmm.  Mmmmmmmm. Artoo beeps in the distance as Luke lets Yoda down to the ground. That place... is strong with the dark side of the Force.  A domain of evil it is.  In you must go. Only what you take with you. Luke looks warily between the tree and Yoda.  He starts to strap on his weapon belt. Your weapons... you will not need them. Luke gives the tree a long look, than shakes his head \"no.\"  Yoda shrugs.  Luke reaches up to brush aside some hanging vines and enters the tree. Use the Force.  Yes... Yoda taps Luke's leg.  Quickly, Luke lifts one hand from the ground. His body wavers, but he maintains his balance.  Artoo, standing nearby, Page 78/126 Now... the stone.  Feel it. Luke concentrates on trying to lift the top rock.  It rises a few feet, shaking under the strain.  But, distracted by Artoo's frantic beeping, Luke loses his balance and finally collapses.  Yoda jumps clear. Concentrate! Annoyed at the disturbance, Luke looks over at Artoo, who is rocking urgently back and forth in front of him. Artoo waddles closer to Luke, chirping wildly, then scoots over the edge of the swamp.  Catching on, Luke rushes to the water's edge.  The X-wing fighter has sunk, and only the tip of its nose shows above the So certain are you.  Always with you it cannot be done.  Hear you nothing that I say? Luke looks uncertainly out at the ship. No!  No different!  Only different in your mind.  You must unlearn what you have learned. Size matters not.  Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hm?  Mmmm. Luke shakes his head. And well you should not.  For my ally in the Force.  And a powerful ally it is.  Life creates it, makes it grow.  Its energy surrounds us and binds us.  Luminous beings are we... That is why you fail. Luke shakes his head, bewildered. (shaking his head) Hmm.  Control, control.  You must learn control. Mmm.  Friends you have there. It is the future you see. Difficult to see.  Always in motion is the future. Decide you must how to serve them best.  If you leave now, Page 85/126 Luke!  You must complete the training. You must not go! Yes, yes.  To Obi-Wan you listen. The cave.  Remember your failure at the cave! Stopped they must be.  On this all depends.  Only a fully trained Jedi Knight with the Force as his ally will conquer Vader and his Emperor.  If you end your training Page 93/126 If you honor what they fight for ... yes! Luke is in great anguish.  He struggles with the dilemma, a battle raging in his mind. Strong is Vader.  Mind what you have learned.  Save you it can. (looks up) No.  There is another.", "FIRST CONTROLLER": "Yes, sir.", "SECOND CONTROLLER": "Sir, we have a priority signal from the Star Destroyer Avenger.", "BOBA FETT:": "As you wish. At that moment, Admiral Piett approaches Vader in a rush of excitement. He's no good to me dead. What if he doesn't survive?  He's worth a lot to me. Put Captain Solo in the cargo hold. And with that, the door slams shut.", "NEEDA:": "They're moving to attack position!  Shields up! Needa and his men duck as the Falcon nears the bridge window.  At the last minute, the Falcon veers off and out of sight.  All is quiet. Track them.  They may come around for another pass. They can't have disappeared.  No ship that small has a cloaking device. (drawing a breath) Get a shuttle ready.  I shall assume full responsibility for losing them, and apologize to Lord Vader. Meanwhile, continue to scan the area.", "TRACKING OFFICER": "Captain Needa, the ship no longer appears on our scopes. Well, there's no trace of them, sir.", "COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER": "Captain, Lord Vader demands an update on the pursuit. Yes, Captain Needa.", "INTERCOM VOICE:": "You will not deviate from your present course. Permission granted to land on Platform Three-two-seven.", "LANDO:": "Why, you slimy, double-crossing, no-good swindler!  You've got a lot of guts coming here, after what you pulled. Han points to himself innocently, mouthing, \"Me?\" Lando moves threateningly toward Han.  Suddenly, he throws his arms (laughs) How you doing, you old pirate? So good to see you!  I never thought I'd catch up with you again.  Where you been? The two old friends embrace, laughing and chuckling. What are you doing here? (in mock panic) What have you done to my ship? Hello.  What have we here? Welcome.  I'm Lando Calrissian. I'm the administrator of this facility.  And who might you be? Welcome, Leia. Lando bows before Leia and kisses her hand. What's wrong with the Falcon? I'll get my people to work on it. You know, that ship saved my life quite a few times.  She's the fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy. Oh, not as well as I'd like. We're a small outpost and not very self-sufficient.  And I've had supply problems of every kind. I've had labor difficulties... (catches Han You know, seeing you sure brings back a few things. (shakes his head) Yeah.  I'm responsible these days. It's the price you pay for being successful. Han and Lando laugh together, and the group moves on through the corridor. I'm sorry.  Am I interrupting anything? Page 96/126 You look absolutely beautiful. You truly belong here with us among the clouds. Will you join me for a little refreshment? Han looks at Lando suspiciously, but Chewie barks at the mention of food and licks his lips. Everyone's invited, of course. Leia takes Lando's proffered arm, and the group turns to go.  Lando spots Threepio's remains. Having trouble with you droid? Han and Leia exchange a quick glance. So you see, since we're a small operation, we don't fall into the... uh... jurisdiction of the Empire. No, not actually.  Our operation is small enough not to be noticed... which is advantageous for everybody since our customers are anxious to avoid attracting attention to themselves. That's always been a danger looming like a shadow over everything we've built here.  But things have developed that will insure security. I've just made a deal that will keep the Empire out of here forever. I had no choice.  They arrived right before you did.  I'm sorry. Page 98/126 Lord Vader. Lord Vader, what about Leia and the Wookiee? That was never a condition of our agreement, nor was giving Han to this bounty hunter! No. This deal's getting worse all the time. Shut up and listen!  Vader has agreed to turn Leia and Chewie over to me. They'll have to stay here, but at least they'll be safe. Vader's giving him to the bounty hunter. He doesn't want you at all.  He's after somebody called Skywalker. Lord Vader has set a trap for him. Leia's mind is racing. Page 102/126 Well, he's on his way. Han's rage peaks. Stop!  I've done all I can.  I'm sorry I couldn't do better, but I have my own problems. Lord Vader, we only use this facility for carbon freezing.  If you put him in there, it might kill him. You're being put into carbon freeze. Boba Fett moves away from the group to Darth Vader. You said they'd be left in the city under my supervision. Well done.  Hold them in the security tower - and keep it quiet.  Move. As Lando's guards quickly march the stormtroopers away, Lando begins to undo Chewie's binding. We're getting out of here. (choking) I had no choice... Chewie barks ferociously. I'm just trying to help... (choking) H-a-a-a... There's still a chance to save Han... I mean, at the East Platform... The security codes has been changed! Attention!  This is Lando Calrissian.  The Empire has takes control of the city.  I advise everyone to leave before more Imperial troops arrive. Artoo takes off a computer cover and sticks his computer arm into the This way. Lando, Leia, Artoo, and Chewie flee down the corridor.  As he scoots along with them, Artoo sends some angry beeps Threepio's way. Leia!  Go! What? But what about those fighter? Chewie barks in agreement with Lando. But what about Vader? Chewie turns on Lando, the newcomer, with an ominous growl. All right, all right, all right. (pointing out the cockpit window) Look, someone's up there. (over intercom) Okay, let's go. All right, Chewie.  Let's go. Leia helps Luke from the cockpit as another huge blast rocks the ship. All right, Chewie.  Ready for light-speed. Punch it! The Wookiee shrugs and pulls back on the light-speed throttle.  The sound of the ion engine changes...it is winding up.  Faces are tense, expectant.  But nothing happens, and the engine goes off.  Chewie lets out a frustrated howl.  The flak still violently rocks the ship. They told me they fixed it.  I trusted them to fix it.  It's not my fault! Chewie gets up from his chair and starts out of the cockpit.  He gives Lando and angry shove as he storms past him. (into intercom) Chewie! (into comlink) When we find Jabba the Hut and that bounty hunter, we'll contact you. (into comlink) Princess, we'll find Han.  I promise.", "SECOND THREEPIO:": "(mumbles) E chu ta!", "MAN'S VOICE": "(from within) Who are you?", "IMPERIAL SOLDIER": "Lord Vader, ship approaching. X-wing class.", "EXT. SPACE": "In the distance the The Falcon races through space followed very closely by the The Falcon soars into infinity and away from the huge Star Destroyer which seems, by contrast, to stand still.", "DISSOLVE TO:": ""}, "star-wars-lastjedi.php": {"JONES:": "shells in C bunker.", "PEAVEY:": "   they can keep at a range where our cannons are not effective against their shields.  medical frigate is out of fuel and its shields are down.", "ARMITAGE HUX:": "This is where we snuff-out the resistance once and for all. Tell Captain Canady to prime his dreadnought. Incinerate their base, destroy their transports and obliterate their fleet.  is no more. Your fleet are rebel scum and war criminals. Tell your precious princess there will be no terms... there will be no surrender.  The officer     blasting that puny ship?!   on the end of a string. Back with the Resistance. Finn is in the med bay, sleeping. Suddenly, he shoots up.  cover you at this distance. Return to the fleet. What is the point of all this if we can't blow up three tiny cruisers? that we're still here. a matter of time. we agreed. happened? them?", "POE:": "   Dameron of the Republic fleet, I have an urgent communique for General Hux.     him.... tell him Leia has an urgent message for him.    approach.   take out that last cannon... or our bombers are toast. Make your magic work, buddy. chance to take down a dreadnought.    priming sequence. doors open?! You're the only bomber left, it's all down to you!! chip? Finn! Hey, buddy. It's so good to see you. What? Let's uh... We need to get you dressed. Come on. You must have a thousand questions.    me. Can we jump to lightspeed?  something up?    what I expected. Vice Admiral? Commander Dameron. With our current fuel consumption... there is a very limited amount time... That we will stay out of range of those Star Destroyers. before we find a new base, so... What's our plan? just want to know what's going on. First Order's only tracking us from one Destroyer, the main one. Finn, the fleet is running on fumes. Without a codebreaker to break us onto Snoke's Star Destroyer.... what do we do? bridge. Let's not have a scene. abandon ship. Where are you? the officers down to the hangar. against my programming to be party to a mutiny. Now. The mineral planet, Crait. An uncharted hideout from the days of the Rebellion. sir. Use whatever power we've got left to broadcast a distress signal to the Outer Rim. up that cannon!  right, making my final approach. Target in sight, guns are hot. Rose? Rose?! Why would you do that? Huh? I was almost there. Why would you stop me?  ", "LEIA:": "this one. out of this place. order... Poe flips a switch on his cockpit's console and continues on.    can not solve... By jumping into an X-wing and blowing something up! I need you to learn that.      and the fighters will fall back. Yeah, me too. ", "LANK PAZE:": "", "HUX:": "filth from the galaxy.", "CANADY:": "need to scramble our fighters! Five bloody minutes ago. our surface cannons.    ", "GONERIL:": "  ", "BASCUS:": " ", "TALLIE:": "bombers. It's not every day we get a shot at a dreadnought, so make this count.  drop sequence. down!", "FINCH DALLOW:": " them.", "PILOT:": "", "TEENE:": "A squad of First Order", "JAYCRIS TUBBS:": "", "PAIGE:": " ", "MONITOR:": "ship.", "SNOKE:": " overstated. Resistance will soon be in our grasp. The cur's weakness, properly manipulated... Can be a sharp tool. How's your wound? masters live to see. Raw, untamed power. And beyond that, something truly special. The potential of your bloodline. A new Vader. Now I fear... I was mistaken. Kylo Ren looks up at Snoke. Kylo Ren takes off his helmet/mask. you, young Solo. were unbalanced... Bested by a girl who had never held a lightsaber! You failed!!! In an angry state, Ren gets up. Snoke shoots lightning at him. it does, hope lives in the galaxy. I thought you would be the one to snuff it out. Alas, you're no Vader. You're just a child in a mask. In the elevator, Kylo Ren lets out a breath. He then turns to his mask. He proceeds to bang it against the wall. He pauses, the camera zoomed in on his eyes. He proceeds with destroying his mask. The elevator opens, revealing two officers. light to meet it. I warned my young apprentice that as he grew stronger, his equal in the light would rise. Skywalker.... I assumed. Wrongly. Closer, I said. give him and the Jedi Order the death he desires. After the Rebels are gone, we will go to his planet and obliterate the entire island. Such spunk. Look here now. The entire Resistance on those transports. Soon they will all be gone. For you, all is lost. Ooh. And still that fiery spit of hope. You have the spirit of a true Jedi! And because of that, you must die. My worthy apprentice, son of darkness, heir apparent to Lord Vader.", "FINN:": "  cloaked binary beacon?   we'll be out of fuel. They've got us.     talking to you, Rose. May the Force be with you.      you in for desertion. we're in time. You can actually do this, right? Haysian smelt. Best conductor. And you're welcome. blow you up today, you blow them up tomorrow. It's just business. It's Kylo Ren. Luke's facing him alone.", "REY:": "Your sister Leia sent me. We need your help. Hello?   The First Order will control all the major systems within weeks. We need your help. We need the Jedi Order back. We need Luke Skywalker.  Rey follows the ex Jedi master where ever he goes. On a rainy day, he goes fishing. He uses a strong rod to go to the other side of the cliff. Luke looks back at Rey, and she seems relaxed that he didn't get hurt.     become unstoppable. And I'm afraid. I do not know what it is... or what to do with it. And I need help.  deserves to know why. We all do. With the Resistance, Leia is seen slapping Poe. Kylo Ren is strong with the dark side of the Force. Without the Jedi, we won't stand a chance against him. make things float.    try again. Cold. Peace. Violence.   place.   off from the Force. Of course you have. through, check their status. And ask about Finn.  until you get my signal for where to rendezvous. If you see Finn before I do, tell him... Yeah, perfect. Tell him that. tearing you apart. Ben, when we touched hands, I saw your future. Just the shape of it, but solid and clear. You will not bow before Snoke. You will turn. I'll help you. I saw it. to save the fleet. Ben?  Keep scanning for life forms.", "LUKE:": "   down the whole First Order? What did you think was going to happen here? You think that I came to the most unfindable place in the galaxy for no reason at all? Go away.   original Jedi texts. Just like me, they're the last of the Jedi religion. You've seen this place. You've seen this island.   from nowhere?   island to die. It's time for the Jedi to end. watch the language. Old friend. I wish I could make you understand. But I'm not coming back. Nothing can make me change my mind.   sit here, legs crossed. The Force is not a power you have. It's not about lifting rocks. It's the energy between all things, a tension, a balance, that binds the universe together.    you see?   Jedi. To say that if the Jedi die, the light dies, is vanity. Can you feel that?   didn't scare me enough then. It does now. romanticized, defied. But if you strip away the myth and look at their deeds, the legacy of the Jedi is failure. Hypocrisy, hubris. this. The tree, the text, the Jedi. I'm going to burn it down. Resistance is dead. The war is over. And when I kill you, I will have killed the last Jedi.", "KYLO REN:": "    The effort would kill you. Can you see my surroundings?  fighters! all fire on the speeders!  More! More!!! ", "LARMA D'ACY:": "allies. scattered in the Outer Rim. recovering. This is the only good news I have. Admiral Ackbar... all our leadership, they're gone. here, she'd say save your sorrow for after the fight. And to that end... The chain of command is clear as to who should take her place. Vice Admiral Holdo... of the cruiser Ninka.", "ACKBAR:": "   ", "MALE ANNOUNCER:": "traffic.", "MEDIC DROID:": "", "AMILYN HOLDO:": "on three ships. We're the very last of the Resistance But we're not alone. In every corner of the galaxy... the downtrodden and oppressed know our symbol... and they put their hope in it. We are the spark that will ignite the fire that will restore the Republic. That spark... this Resistance, must survive. That is our mission. Now, to your stations. And may the Force be with us.  Leia's last official act to demote you? Because of your dreadnought plan... Where we lost our entire bombing fleet? of trigger happy flyboys like you... You are impulsive. Dangerous. And the last thing we need right now. So stick to your post... and follow my orders.  They are trying to save us. This is our best chance for escape. You have to give Finn and Rose all the time that you can.", "ROSE:": "  Resistance heroes is not my forte. Doing... Doing talking, yeah... I'm Rose.  Order-what you did on the Starkiller Base. When we heard about it, my sister Paige said... \"Rose, that's a real hero.\" \"Know right from wrong.... \"and don't run away from when it gets hard,\" she said. You know... Just this morning, I had to stun... three people who were trying to jump ship. In this escape pod.      you know this town? Canto Bight? Almost there. Traitor!! What?! armored. Our only shot is right down the throat. The cannon's opening. This is our chance.", "MAZ:": "a little tied down right now.", "DJ:": "slice a slit in their shield. Blip bloppity bloop, and slip right through.", "ANNOUNCER:": "designation. All transports must be cleared....", "PHASMA:": "hurt. ", "EDRISON PEAVEY:": "", "MALE SCOUT:": "We see it.", "LUKE: No.": ""}, "star-wars-return-of-jedi.php": {"SHUTTLE CAPTAIN:": "Command station, this is We're starting our approach. 3   ", "OFFICER:": "Inform the commander that Lord Vader's shuttle has arrived.", "OPERATOR:": "Yes, sir. The control officer moves to a view port and watches as the Imperial Page 2/87", "JERJERROD:": "Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your presence. I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can. I tell you, this station will be operational as planned. But he asks the impossible. I need more men. We shall double our efforts. Fire! 106 ", "VADER:": "You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you back on schedule. The commander turns ashen and begins to shake. Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them. The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation. Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives. That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your apparent lack of progress. Page 3/87 I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as I am. 5    The Death Star will be completed on schedule. Yes, my Master. As you wish. What is thy bidding, my Master? What of the reports of the Rebel fleet massing near Sullust? Yes, my Master. Vader bows, then turns and exits the throne room as the Emperor walks toward the waiting council members. 58   Where is that shuttle going? Do they have a code clearance? No. Leave them to me. I will deal with them myself. A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor. I have felt him, my Master. They are clear, my Master. Good work, Commander. Leave us. Conduct your search and bring his companions to me. The Emperor has been expecting you. So, you have accepted the truth. Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are powerful, as the Emperor has foreseen. They stand for a moment, the Vader extinguishes the lightsaber. Obi-Wan once thought as you do. Luke steps close to Vader, then stops. Vader is still. You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master. If that is your destiny. It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature of the Force. He is your master now. Page 61/87 His lightsaber. Vader extends a gloved hand toward the Emperor, revealing Luke's lightsaber. The Emperor takes it. It is pointless to resist, my son. The Emperor turns to face Luke. Obi-Wan has taught you well. You are unwise to lower your defenses. Vader attacks, forcing Luke on the defensive. The young Jedi leaps in an amazing reverse flip up to the safety of the catwalk overhead. Vader stands below him. There is no conflict. You underestimate the power of the dark side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny. Vader throws the laser sword and it cuts through the supports holding the catwalk, then returns to Vader's hand. Luke tumbles to the ground in a shower of sparks and rolls out of sight under the Emperor's platform. Vader You cannot hide forever, Luke. Give yourself to the dark side. It is the only way you can save your friends. Yes, your thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially for... Vader stops and senses something. Luke shuts his eyes tightly, in anguish. Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed her, too. Obi-Wan was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will not turn to the dark side, then perhaps she will. Nothing can stop that now. Just for once... let me look on you with my own eyes. Slowly, hesitantly, Luke removes the mask from his father's face. There beneath the scars is an elderly man. His eyes do not focus. But the dying man smiles at the sight before him.", "THREEPIO:": "\"Exciting\" is hardly the word I would use. 54   Here we go again. Oh, I told you it was dangerous here. Oh, General Solo, somebody's coming. Oh! Han, Chewie, and the rest of the squad raise their weapons. Luke steps out of the foliage to find the weapons trained on him. He's too tired to care. He plops himself down on a boulder and looks around. Don't worry, Master Luke.  We know what to do. They move off into the woods. Oh, Master Luke. I'm afraid that Artoo's sensors can find no trace of Princess Leia. Artoo, I'm not sure that's such a good idea. It's a very long dro-o- op!! Artoo has cut through and the entire group tumbles out of the net, crashing to the ground. As they regain their senses and sit up, they realize they are surrounded by dozens of Ewoks, each brandishing a long spear. Oh, my head. Oh, my goodness! When the Ewoks see Threepio, they let out a gasp and chatter among themselves. Threepio speaks to them in their native tongue. The Ewok nearest him drops his spear and prostrates himself before the droid. In a moment, all the Ewoks have followed suit. Chewie lets out a puzzled bark. Han and Luke regard the bowed creatures in wonder. The Ewoks begin to chant Oh, yes, Master Luke!  Remember that I am fluent in over six million forms of communication. Hello, I think... I could be mistaken. They're using a very primitive dialect.  But I do believe they think I am some sort of god. Chewbacca and Artoo think that's very funny. Han and Luke exchange \"what next?\" looks. I beg your pardon, General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper. It's against my programming to impersonate a deity. Han moves toward Threepio threateningly. Your Royal Highness. Artoo and Chewie chime in with their welcome. Leia looks at the assembled Ewoks and sighs. But Master Luke, what magic? I couldn't possibly -- You see, Master Luke; they didn't believe me. Just... Now the litter/throne, with Threepio sitting upon it, rises from the ground. At first Threepio doesn't notice and keeps talking. Page 54/87 ... as I said they wouldn't. Wha-wha-what's happening! Oh! Oh, dear! Oh! The Ewoks fall back in terror from the floating throne. Now Threepio begins to spin as though he were on a revolving stool, with Threepio calling out in total panic at his situation. Put me down! He-e-elp! Master Luke! Artoo! Somebody, somebody, help! Master Luke, Artoo! Artoo, quickly! Do something, somebody! Oh! Ohhh! Chief Chirpa yells orders to the cowering Ewoks. They rush up and release the bound prisoners. Luke and Han enfold Leia in a group embrace. Luke notices the spinning Threepio, with Artoo beeping up at him, and slowly lowers the golden droid and the throne to the ground. Logray orders the Oh, oh, oh, oh! Thank goodness. Wonderful! We are now a part of the tribe. Several of the little teddy bears run up and hug the Rebels. He says the scouts are going to show us the quickest way to the shield generator. Chewie barks. Luke has drifted to the back of the hut. Now he wanders outside into the moonlight. Leia notices and follows. He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge. 80   Oh! Oh, my. Uh, Princess Leia! I have decided that we shall stay here. 88   Wa-wait! Wait, come back! Artoo, stay with me. Inside the bunker, Han looks up from setting charges as an Imperial commander enters. Hello! I say, over there! Were you looking for me? Well, they're on their way. Artoo, are you sure this was a good idea? We surrender. The stormtroopers come around the tree and find the two droids waiting quietly to be taken. As the Imperial troops move to do that, however, a band of Ewoks drops down from above and overpowers them. Ohhh! Stand back, Artoo. In a nearby tree, an Ewok raises a horn to his lips and sounds the Going? What do you mean, you're going. But-- but going where, Artoo? No, what! Artoo! Oh, this is no time for heroics. Come back! Biker scouts race around and over the two droids, blasting away at the little Ewoks as the furries scurry for cover. A group of Ewoks have moved a primitive catapult into position. They fire off a large boulder that hits one of the walkers. The walker turns and We're coming! Oh, Artoo, hurry! The little droid moves to the terminal and plugs in his computer arm. A large explosion hits near Artoo, knocking him head over heels, finally landing on his feet. The stubby astrodroid's head is spinning and smoldering. Suddenly there is a loud My goodness! Artoo, why did you have to be so brave? Oh, Princess Leia, are you all right? Oh, dear. They did it! Han looks town from the sky to Leia, a look of concern on his face. Leia continues to look at the sky as though listening for a silent voice.", "STRANGE VOICE:": "Tee chuta hhat yudd!", "BIB:": "Die Wanna Wanga! Nudd Chaa. The droids follow the tall, tentacled alien into the darkness, trailed by the two guards. Master. Jabba awakens with a start and Bib continues, in Huttese. ...Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight.", "JABBA:": "Bo Shuda! The robots jump forward to stand before the repulsive, loose-skinned villain. Da Eitha! The lovely alien shakes her head again and screams. Boscka! He pushes a button and, before the dancer can flee, a trap door in the floor springs open and swallows her up. As the door snaps shut, a muffled growl is followed by a hideous scream. Jabba and his monstrous friends laugh hysterically and several revelers hurry over to watch her fate through a grate. Bascka! The floor suddenly drops away, sending Luke and the hapless guard into the pit. The pistol goes off, blasting a hole in the ceiling. Jabba laughs and his courtiers join in. Leia starts forward but is restrained by a human guard-- Lando, recognizable behind his mask. She looks at him and he shakes his head \"no.\"", "LUKE:": "Greetings, Exalted One. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight and friend to Captain Solo. I know that you are powerful, mighty Jabba, and that your anger with Solo must be equally powerful. I seek an audience with Your Greatness to bargain for Solo's life. (Jabba's crowd laughs) With your wisdom, I'm sure that we can work out an arrangement which will be mutually beneficial and enable us to avoid any You will take me to Jabba now! Bib turns in hypnotic response to Luke's command, and Luke follows him into the gloom. You serve your master well. Bib responds. And you will be rewarded. 17   I must be allowed to speak. Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his friends. You can either profit by this... or be destroyed! It's your choice. But I warn you not to underestimate my powers. Jabba's laugh is mean and loud. Threepio attempts to warn Luke about the pit. Han! Wouldn't miss it. The same as always. You should have bargained, Jabba. That's the last mistake you'll ever make. Jabba cackles evilly at this. As the guards drag the prisoners from the throne room, a loud cheer rises from the crowd. Leia and Chewie exchange concerned looks, but Luke Skywalker, Jedi warrior, cannot suppress a smile. 23   There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know. Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've taken care of everything. Jabba! This is your last chance. Free us or die. Lando moves unobtrusively along the skiff as Luke shoots a quick look of conspiracy to him. 28   Easy, Chewie. At that moment, the deck gunmen on the barge unleash a series of blasts from a big cannon on the upper deck. Lando is tossed from the deck of the rocking skiff. He manages to grab a rope, and dangles desperately above the Sarlacc pit. Point it at the deck! A laser blast hits Luke's mechanical hand and he bends over in pain, but manages to swing his lightsaber upward and take out the last of the guards. He looks at the wounded hand, which reveals the mechanism. He flexes the hand; it still works. Near the rail of the upper deck, Artoo and Threepio steady themselves as Come on! Luke has hold on one of the rigging ropes from the mast. He gathers Leia in his other arm and kicks the trigger of the deck gun. The gun explodes into the deck as Luke and Leia swing out toward the skiff. 41   Let's go! And don't forget the droids. I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend. Luke and Artoo take off in their spacecraft. I'll meet you back at the fleet. I will. That's right, Artoo. We're going to the Dagobah system. I have a promise to keep... to an old friend. 46   No... of course not. Master Yoda, you can't die. But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training. Then I am a Jedi? Master Yoda... is Darth Vader my father? Yoda's eyes are full of weariness and compassion. An odd, sad smile creases his face. He turns painfully on his side, away from Luke. Yoda, I must know. Yes. A new look of concern crosses Yoda's face.  He closes his eyes. Unfortunate that I know the truth? Yoda opens his eyes again and studies the youth. Well, I'm sorry. I can't do it, Artoo. I can't go on alone. Obi-Wan! Why didn't you tell me? The ghost of Ben Kenobi approaches him through the swamp. You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father. There's still good in him. I can't do it, Ben. I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it. But I had to help my friends. I can't kill my own father. Yoda spoke of another. But I have no sister. Leia! Leia's my sister. But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her. Hi, Han... Chewie. Artoo beeps a singsong observation to a worried Threepio. Yeah, she's comin' up. Chewie growls a complaint. All set. Vader's on that ship. I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come. Quietly, there might be more of them out there. I see them. Wait, Leia! But Leia doesn't hear him and races for the remaining speeder bike. She starts it up and takes off as Luke jumps on the bike behind her. Move closer! Leia guns it, closing the gap, as the two scouts recklessly veer through a narrow gap in the trees. One of the bikes Get alongside that one! Leia pulls her speeder bike up so close to the scout's bike that their steering vanes Get him! The speeding chase passes We got separated. Luke and Han exchange a silent, grim look. Luke gets up wearily. Hey, we better go look for her. Han nods, and signals to a Rebel officer. Come on, Artoo.  We'll need your scanners. Luke, Chewie, Han, and the droids move off in one direction as the squad proceeds in another. There's two more wrecked speeders back there. And I found this. He tosses the helmet to Han. Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out a way to get out of this thing. (trying to free an arm) Han, can you reach my lightsaber? Han, don't. It'll be all right. The Ewoks swarm through them and confiscate their weapons. Luke lets them take his lightsaber. Chewie growls at the furry critters. Chewie, give 'em your crossbow. Artoo and Threepio are just untangling themselves. Threepio gets free of the net and sits up, rattled. Page 51/87 Do you understand anything they're saying? Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry and use your magic. Just tell them. Threepio speaks to the Ewoks. The Ewoks are disturbed. Logray steps forward and challenges Threepio. Luke closes his eyes and begins to concentrate. Thanks, Threepio. Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother? What do you remember? Tell me. I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her. Vader is here...now, on this moon. I felt his presence. He's come for me. He can feel when I'm near. That's why I have to go. (facing her) As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission here. Page 57/87 He's my father. There's more. It won't be easy for you to hear it, but you must. If I don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance. Leia is very disturbed by this. She moves away, as if to deny it. You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has it...I have it...and...my sister has it. Leia stares into his eyes. What she sees there frightens her. But she doesn't draw away. She begins to understand. Yes. It's you Leia. Then you know why I have to face him. Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I have to try. They hold each other close and look at each other, brother and sister. Leia holds back her tears as Luke slowly lets her go and moves away. He disappears onto the walkway that leads out of the village. Leia, bathed in I know, father. It is the name of your true self. You've only forgotten. I know there is good in you. The Emperor hasn't driven it from you fully. That is why you couldn't destroy me. That's why you won't bring me to your Emperor now. Vader looks down from Luke to the lightsaber in his own black- gloved hand. He seems to ponder Luke's words. Come with me. I will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me. Search your feelings, father. You can't do this. I feel the conflict within you. Let go of your hate. Then my father is truly dead. 79   You're gravely mistaken. You won't convert me as you did my father. The Emperor gets down from his throne and walks up very close to Luke. The Emperor looks into his eyes and, for the first time, Luke can perceive the evil visage within the hood. You're wrong. Soon I'll be dead...and you with me. The Emperor laughs. Your overconfidence is your weakness. No! I will not fight you, father. Vader walks back up the stairs to Luke. Your thoughts betray you, father. I feel the good in you...the conflict. You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before, and I don't believe you'll destroy me now. I will not fight you. Never-r-r! Luke ignites his lightsaber and screams in anger, rushing at hisfather with a frenzy we have not seen before. Sparks fly as Luke and Vader fight in the cramped area. Luke's hatred forces Vader to retreat out of the low area and across a bridge overlooking a vast elevator shaft. Each stroke of Luke's sword drives his father further toward defeat. Never! I'll never turn to the dark side. You've failed, Your Highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me. The Emperor's glee turns to rage. Father...I won't leave you. Darth Vader, Anakin Skywalker...Luke's father, dies. A huge explosion rocks the docking bay. Slowly, Luke rises and, half carrying, half dragging the body of his father, stumbles toward a shuttle. 131 ", "NINEDENINE:": "Ah, good. New acquisitions. You are a protocol droid, are you not? Yes or no will do. How many languages do you speak? Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him. You're a feisty little one, but you'll soon learn some respect. I have need for you on the master's Sail Barge. And I think you'll fit in nicely. The poor work droid in the background lets out another tortured electronic scream. 11  ", "OOLA:": "Na Chuba negatorie Na! Na! Natoota... Jabba is furious and pulls her toward him, tugging on the chain.", "BOUSHH:": "Zeebuss. Just relax for a moment. You're free of the carbonite. Han touches his face with his hand and moans. Shhh. You have hibernation sickness. Your eyesight will return in time. Jabba's palace.", "HAN:": "I can't see. Where am Who are you? The bounty hunter reaches up and lifts the helmet from his head, revealing the beautiful face of Leia! What's that? I know that laugh. The curtain on the far side of the alcove opens, revealing Jabba the Hutt, Page 12/87 Hey, Jabba. Look, Jabba, I was just on my way to pay you back, but I got a little sidetracked. It's not my fault. Jabba laughs. Look... Jabba... I'll pay you triple! You're throwing away a fortune here. Don't be a fool! Han is dragged off, as Lando quickly moves forward and attempts to lead Leia away. Chewie? Chewie, is that you? The shadowy figure lets out a crazy yell and races toward Han, lifting him off the ground with a big hug that carries them into the light, revealing Chewie. Ah! Chew--Chewie! The giant Wookiee barks with glee. Wait. I can't see, pal. What's goin' on? Chewie barks an excited blue streak. Luke? Luke's crazy. He can't even take care of himself, much less rescue anybody. Chewie barks a reply. A...Jedi Knight? I--I'm out of it for a little while, everybody gets delusions of grandeur. Chewie growls insistently. He holds Han to his chest and pets his head. I'm all right, pal. I'm all right. 16   Luke! Fine. Together again, huh? How are we doing? That bad, huh? Where's Leia? Luke looks to Leia. Good, I hate long waits. I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a big light blur. You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient. Oh... great! 24   Threepio, you tell that slimy piece of... worm-ridden filth he'll get no such pleasure from us. Right? Chewie growls his agreement. Chewie, you okay? Where is he? The Wookiee is wounded and he howls in pain. I'm okay, pal. For a moment, Luke is distracted, and in that moment, Boba fires a cable out of his armored sleeve. Instantly, Luke is wrapped in a strong cable, his arms pinned against his side, his sword arm free only from the wrist down.  Luke bends his wrist so the lightsaber points straight up to reach the wire lasso and cuts through. Luke shrugs away the cable and stands Lando! Luke is a little shaken but remains standing as a fusillade brackets him. The second skiff, loaded with guards firing their weapons, moves in on Luke fast. Luke leaps toward the incoming second skiff. The young Jedi leaps into the middle of the second skiff and begins decimating the guards from their midst. Lando, grab it! I'm trying! A major hit from the barge deck gun knocks the skiff on its side. Han and almost everything else on board slides overboard. The rope breaks, and Lando falls to the side of the Sarlacc pit. Luckily, Han's foot catches on the skiff railing and he dangles above Lando and the pit. The wounded Wookiee holds onto the skiff for dear life as another hit from the deck gun Whoa! Whoa! Grab me, Chewie! I'm slipping. Chewie grabs hold of Han's feet, holding him upside down, as Han extends the spear toward Lando, who is clutching to the side of the pit. Grab it! Almost... You almost got it! Another blast hits the front of the tilted skiff, causing Lando to let go of the spear. Gently now. All... all right. Now easy, easy. Hold me, Chewie. Lando screams. One of the Sarlacc's tentacles has wrapped tightly around his ankle, dragging him down the side of the pit. Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando. It's all right. Trust me. Don't move. No, I'm thinking a lot about it. That carbon freeze was the closest thing to dead there is. And it wasn't just sleepin'. It was a big wide awake nothing! Luke nods, as Chewie growls affectionately at the young Jedi warrior, mussing his hair like a proud uncle. And Leia warmly hugs him. Why don't you leave that crate and come with us? (looking dubiously at Lando, obviously remembering his friend's betrayal and subsequent aide) Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando. Well, look at you, a general, huh? Well, who says they didn't.  But I ain't crazy. You're the respectable one, remember? Mon Mothma signals for attention, and the room falls silent. You're gonna need it. Uh, my team's ready. I don't have a command crew for the shuttle. Chewbacca raises his hairy paw and volunteers.  Han looks up at him. Well, it's gonna be rough, pal. I didn't want to speak for you. Chewie waves that off with a huge Luke. Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the help you can get. She's the fastest ship in the fleet. You got her warmed? No. I don't think the Empire had Wookiees in mind when they designed her, Chewie. Leia comes in from the hold and takes her seat near Luke. Chewie barks and hits some switches. Han's glance has stuck on something out the Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again. Chewie, hearing this, stops his activity and looks longingly out at the Falcon, too. Leia puts a hand on Han's shoulder. Right. Chewie, let's see what this piece of junk can do. Ready, everybody? All right, hang on. 56   If they don't go for this, we're gonna have to get outta here pretty quick, Chewie. Chewie growls his agreement. Page 40/87 Shuttle Tydirium requesting deactivation of the deflector shield. Transmission commencing. Leia and Chewbacca listen tensely as the sound of a high speed transmission begins. It'll work. It'll work. Chewie whines nervously. Luke stares at the Huge Super Star Destroyer that looms ever larger before them. Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep your distance though, Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep your distance. Chewie barks a question. I don't know.  Fly casual. It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here. Chewie barks his worries as the Super Star Destroyer grows larger out the window. 60   They're not goin' for it, Chewie. Okay! I told you it was gonna work. No problem. 62   It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us. Leia motions for the squad to stay put, then she, Han, Luke and Chewie start quietly down. 64   Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here. Hey, wait! Ahhh! He flips the remaining scout to the ground. 65   Luke! Where's Leia? I thought she was with you. Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300. Hey, I don't get it. The rest of the group joins the Wookiee around the stake. Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach. Yeah, sure. Artoo is at the bottommost point in the net. He extends his cutting appendage and begins slicing at the net. Han is trying to squeeze an arm past Threepio to get at Luke's lightsaber. The net continues to spin. Wha--?  Hey!  Point that thing someplace else. Han pushes the spear wielded by Hey! What are you telling them? Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this? Proper?! Why, you-- Several Ewoks' spears are thrust in Han's face at the affront to their god. Page 52/87 My mistake. He's an old friend of mine. 72   I have a really bad feeling about this. Chewie growls his concern. Suddenly all activity stops as What did he say? Somehow, I got the feeling that didn't help us very much. What's going on? Just what I always wanted. Chewbacca is being enthusiastically embraced by an Ewok, while Wicket clings to Han's leg. Good. How far is it? Ask him. We need some fresh supplies, too. And try and get our weapons back. Han pulls Threepio back as he keeps trying to translate. Hey, what's goin' on? Leia attempts to stifle her sobs and wipes her eyes. Ahhh... He starts to walk away, exasperated, then stops and walks back to her. I'm sorry. Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily guarded than this. Wicket and Paploo are chattering away in Ewok language. They speak to Threepio. Back door, huh? Good idea. Wicket and Paploo continue their Ewok conversation. Not bad for a little furball. There's only one left. You stay here. We'll take care of this. Han and the Wookiee nod at each other and slip down toward the bunker. Threepio moves to stand next to Wicket and Artoo. All right! Up! Move! Come on! Quickly! Quickly, Chewie. The Rebel troops herd the generator controllers away from their panels. Page 66/87 Charges!  Come on, come on! Outside, Threepio watches nervously in the bushes as several more controllers and stormtroopers run into the bunker, leaving guards at the door. Here's the terminal. Come on! Come on! Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing. I think I got it. I got it! The three wires spark as the connection is made. With a Let's see. I love you. Another shared look between them, as she smiles up at Han. Chewie!  Get down here!  She's wounded!  No, wait....  I got an idea. 117  Move! Move! A shock wave knocks them flat as the bunker explodes, followed by a spectacular display as the huge shield-generator radar dish explodes along with the bunker. 124  I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew. You love him, don't you? Leia smiles, puzzled. All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the way. She realizes his misunderstanding.", "LEIA:": "Someone who loves you. I gotta get you out of here. As Leia helps her weakened lover to stand up, the relative quiet is pierced by an obscene We have powerful friends. You're gonna regret this... Ugh! I'm here. Threepio is standing behind the grotesque gangster as he strokes Leia like a pet cat. Several of the guards, including Lando, bring Luke from the other side of the room. Boba is standing behind Jabba. Threepio steps forward and translates for the captives. Come on. We gotta get out of here quick. Artoo and Leia race for the exit, passing Threepio, who is kicking and screaming as Salacious Crumb, the reptilian monkey- monster picks out one of the golden droid's eyes. That's all any of us can see. He means \"You're welcome.\" Uh, General... count me in. What is it? Hey, are you awake? Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid. Shall we try and go around? Over there! Two more of them! Cut it out! She stands up, and the Ewok quickly backs away. I'm not gonna hurt you. Leia looks around at the dense forest, and at the charred remains of her speeder bike, then sits down, with a sigh, on a fallen log. Well, looks like I'm stuck here. Trouble is, I don't know where here is. She puts her head in her hands to rub away some of the soreness from her fall. She looks over at the watchful little Ewok and pats the log beside her. Well, maybe you can help me. Come on, sit down. Wicket holds his spear up warily and growls at her like a puppy. Leia pats the log again. I promise I won't hurt you. Now come here. More growls and squeaks from the little bear creature. All right. You want something to eat? She takes a scrap of food out of her pocket and offers it to him. Wicket takes a step backward, then cocks his head and moves cautiously toward Leia, chattering in his squeaky Ewok language. That's right. Come on. Hmmm? Sniffing the food curiously, the Ewok comes toward Leia and sits on the log beside her. She takes off her helmet, and the little creature jumps back, startled again. He runs along the log, pointing his spear at her and chattering a blue streak. Leia holds out the helmet to him. What is it? Suddenly a laser bolt comes out of the foliage and explodes on the log next to Leia. Leia and Wicket both roll backwards off the log, hiding behind it. Leia holds her own laser gun ready, while Wicket disappears underneath the log. Another shot, and still no sight of anyone in the forest. Then Leia senses something and turns to find a large Come on, let's get outta here. As they move into the foliage, Wicket takes the lead. He shrieks and tugs at Leia to follow him. 68   Oh! But these are my friends. Threepio, tell them they must be set free. Threepio talks to Chirpa and Logray, who listen and shake their heads negatively. The Medicine Man gestures toward the prisoners and barks some orders. Several Ewoks jump up and pile more wood on the barbecue with vigor. Leia trades frantic looks with Luke and Han . I don't know. Luke has been sharing the joy with smiling visage, but now something passes like a dark cloud through his consciousness. The others do not notice. Luke, what's wrong? Luke turns and looks at her a long moment. Just a little bit. She died when I was very young. Just...images, really. Feelings. (a little surprised at his insistence) She was very beautiful. Kind, but...sad. (looks up) Why are you asking me all this? He looks away. Luke, tell me. What's troubling you? Why? Luke moves close and his manner is gentle. And very calm. Your father? Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power I know. Somehow...I've always known. No! Luke, run away, far away. If he can feel your presence, then leave this place. I wish I could go with you. But, why must you confront him? Nothing. I - just want to be alone for a little while.   Hold me. Han gathers her tightly in his protective embrace. Page 59/87 The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that landing platform. This isn't gonna be easy. What's he saying? Well, it only takes one to sound the alarm. Quiet. Oh, no. 84   Han! Hurry! The fleet will be here any moment. The code's changed. We need Artoo! I'll cover you. Ewoks in handmade, primitive hanggliders drop rocks onto the stormtroopers, divebombing their deadly adversaries.  One is hit in the wing with laser fire and crashes. A walker lumbers forward, shooting laser blasts at frantic Ewoks running in all directions.  Two Ewoks are struck down by laser blasts.  One tries to awaken his friend, then realizes that he is It's not bad. I know. He wasn't. I can feel it. Yes. Oh. No, it's not like that at all. He's my brother. Han is stunned by this news. She smiles, and they embrace. 137 ", "LANDO:": "Oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the battle of Taanab. All right, old buddy. You know, I know what she means to you. I'll take good care of her. She-she won't get a scratch. All right? Look, would you get going, you pirate. Han and Lando pause, then exchange salutes. Good luck. Admiral, we're in position. All fighters accounted for. All right. Stand by. He pulls a lever, and the stars outside begin to streak. 82   All wings report in. We've got to be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield, up or down. Well, how could they be jamming us if they don't know if we're coming. Lando shoots a concerned look out at the approaching Death Star as the implications of what he's just said sink in. He hits a switch on his comlink. Break off the attack! The shield is still up. Pull up! All craft pull up! The Falcon turns hard to the left. Out the window the stars and the Death Star move off right. 96   Accelerate to attack speed! Draw their fire away from the cruisers. Watch yourself, Wedge! Three from above! Only the fighters are attacking.  I wonder what those Star Destroyers are waiting for. 102  That blast came from the Death Star! That thing's operational! (into comlink) Home One, this is Gold Leader. 110  Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time. 111  We'll last longer then we will against that Death Star...and we might just take a few of them with us. The Rebel cruisers move very close to the Imperial Star Destroyers and begin to blast away at point-blank range. Tiny fighters race across the giant surfaces, against a backdrop of laser fire. Watch out. Squad at .06. Now...come on, Han, old buddy. Don't let me down. 119  We're on our way. Red Group, Gold Group, all fighters follow me. (laughs) Told you they'd do it! The Falcon, followed by several smaller Rebel fighters, heads toward the unfinished superstructure of the Death Star. 125  Here goes nothing. Three X-wings lead the chase through the ever-narrowing shaft, followed by the Falcon and four other fighters, plus Now lock onto the strongest power source. It should be the power generator. Split up and head back to the surface. See if you can get a few of those That was too close. Nien Nunb agrees. The battle between the Rebel and Imperial fleet rages on. Several cruisers fire at the giant Super Star Destroyer. 127  All right, Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.", "EMPEROR:": "You have done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue your search for young Skywalker. Patience, my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does, you must bring him before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force. Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen. He laughs to himself as they pass along the vast line of Imperial troops. 49   Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until called for. It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go out to the command ship and await my orders. I told you to remain on the command ship. Strange, that I have not. I wonder if your feelings on this matter are clear, Lord Vader. Vader knows what is being asked. Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and wait for them. Welcome, young Skywalker. I have been expecting you. Luke peers at the hooded figure defiantly. The Emperor then looks down at Luke's binders. You no longer need those. The Emperor motions ever so slightly with his finger and Luke's binders fall away, clattering to the floor. Luke looks down at his own hands, free now to reach out and grab the Emperor's neck. He does nothing. Guards, leave us. The red-cloaked guards turn and disappear behind the elevator. Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are mistaken...about a great many things. Ah, yes, a Jedi's weapon. Much like your father's. By now you must know your father can never be turned from the dark side. So will it be with you. Page 65/87 Perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your Rebel fleet. Luke looks up sharply. Yes...I assure you we are quite safe from your friends here. Vader looks at Luke. Your faith in your friends is yours. Oh...I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when your friends arrive. 91   Come, boy. See for yourself. The Emperor is sitting in his throne, with Vader standing at his side. Luke moves to look through a small section of the window. From here you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance, and the end of your insignificant Rebellion. Luke is in torment. He glances at his lightsaber sitting on the armrest of the throne. The Emperor watches him and smiles, touches the lightsaber. You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to your anger. With each passing moment, you make yourself more my servant. Vader watches Luke in his agony. Page 69/87 It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You, like your father, are now mine! 99   As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now witness the firepower of this fully armed and operational battle station. (into comlink) Fire at will, Commander. Luke, in shock, looks out across the surface of the Death Star to the Rebel fleet beyond. Your fleet has lost. And your friends on the Endor moon will not survive. There is no escape, my young apprentice. The Alliance will die...as will your friends. Luke's eyes are full of rage. Vader watches him. Good. I can feel your anger. I am defenseless.  Take your weapon! Strike me down with all your hatred, and your journey towards the dark side will be complete. Luke can resist no longer. The lightsaber flies into his hand. He ignites it in an instant and swings at the Emperor. Vader's lightsaber flashes into view, blocking Luke's blow before it can reach the Emperor. The two blades Good! Your hate has made you powerful. Now, fulfill your destiny and take your father's place at my side! Luke looks at his father's mechanical hand, then to his own mechanical, black-gloved hand, and realizes how much he is becoming like his father. He Page 80/87 So be it...Jedi. 123  If you will not be turned, you will be destroyed. Blinding bolts of energy, evil lightning, shoot from the Emperor's hands at Luke. Even in his surprise, the young Jedi tries to use the Force to deflect them. At first he is half successful, but after a moment the bolts of energy are coming with such speed and power the young Jedi shrinks before them, his knees buckling. The wounded Vader struggles to his feet, Young fool...only now, at the end, do you understand. Luke is almost unconscious beneath the continuing assault of the Emperor's lightning. He clutches a canister to keep from falling into the bottomless shaft as the bolts tear through him. Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the dark side. You have paid the price for your lack of vision. Luke writhes on the floor in unbearable pain, reaching weakly up toward where Vader stands watching. Now, young Skywalker...you will die. Although it would not have seemed possible, the outpouring of bolts from the Emperor's fingers actually increases in intensity, the sound screaming through the room. Luke's body writhes in pain. Vader grabs the Emperor from behind, fighting for control of the robed figure despite the Dark Lord's weakened body and gravely weakened arm. The", "YODA:": "Hmm. That face you make. Look I so old to young eyes? Luke is sitting in a corner of the cramped space and, indeed, his look has Page 29/87 Soon will I rest. Yes, forever sleep. Earned it, I have. Yoda sits himself on his bed, with great effort. Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the Force. No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need. Yoda sighs, and lies back on his bed. Mmm... rest I need. Yes... rest. Luke watches him, each moment an eternity. Page 30/87 Your father he is. Luke reacts as if cut. Told you, did he? Unexpected this is, and unfortunate... Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware.  Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they.  Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. He beckons the young Jedi closer to him. Luke...Luke...Do not...Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, or suffer your father's fate, you will. Luke, when gone am I (cough), the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke... (with great effort) There is...another...Sky...Sky...walker.", "BEN (OS)": "Yoda will always be with you. Luke looks up to see the shimmering image of", "BEN:": "You father was seduced by the dark side of the Force. He ceased to be Anakin Skywalker and became Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your father was destroyed. So what I have told you was true... from a certain point of view. Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view. Luke is unresponsive. Ben studies him in silence for a moment. I don't blame you for being angry. If I was wrong in what I did, it certainly wouldn't have been for the first time. You see, what happened to your father was my fault. Ben pauses sadly. When I first knew him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well as Yoda. I was wrong. My pride has had terrible consequences for the galaxy. Luke is entranced. I also thought he could be turned back to the good side. It couldn't be done. He is more machine now than man. Twisted and evil. You cannot escape your destiny. Vader humbled you when first you met him, Luke... but that experience was part of your training. It taught you, among other things, the value of patience. Had you not been so impatient to defeat Vader then, you could have finished your training here with Yoda. You would have been prepared. To be a Jedi, Luke, you must confront and then go beyond the dark side - the side your father couldn't get past. Impatience is the easiest door - for you, like your father. Only, your father was seduced by what he found Page 33/87 Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope. The other he spoke of is your twin sister. Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the reason why your sister remains safely anonymous. Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They do you credit. But they could be made to serve the Emperor. Luke looks into the distance, trying to comprehend all this. She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have, Luke... but the Force is strong with her, as it is with all of your family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy Vader! 52  ", "MON MOTHMA:": "The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has come. This causes a stir. Mon Mothma turns to a holographic model of the Death Star, the Endor moon and the protecting deflector shield in the center of the room. The data brought to us by the Bothan spies pinpoints the exact location of the Emperor's new battle station. We also know that the weapon systems of this Death Star are not yet operational. With the Imperial Fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage us, it is relatively unprotected. But most important of all, we've learned that the Emperor himself is personally overseeing the final stages of the construction of", "ACKBAR:": "You can see here the Death Star orbiting the forest Moon of Endor. Although the weapon systems on this Death Star are not yet operational, the Death Star does have a strong defense mechanism. It is protected by an energy shield, which is generated from the nearby forest Moon of Endor. The shield must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. Once the shield is down, our General Madine. Madine moves center stage. May the Force be with us. 95   Take evasive action! Green Group, stick close to holding sector It's a trap! We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat. We have no choice, General Calrissian. Our cruisers can't repel firepower of that magnitude. At that close range, we won't last long against those Star Destroyers. The shield is down! Commence attack on theDeath Star's main reactor. We've got to give those fighters more time. Concentrate all fire on that Super Star Destroyer. X-wings pilots head across the surface of the huge battleship. 128  Move the fleet away from the Death Star. 134 ", "GENERAL MADINE:": "We have stolen a small Imperial shuttle. Disguised as a cargo ship, and using a secret Imperial code, a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the shield generator. The assembly begins to mumble among themselves. General Solo, is your strike team assembled? Leia, startled, looks up at Han, surprise changing to admiration.", "VOICE (OS)": "I'm with you, too! They turn in that direction and peer into the crowd as there are more cheers. The commanders part, and there at the back stands Luke. Han and Leia are surprised and delighted. Leia moves to Luke and embraces him warmly. She senses a change in him and looks into his eyes questioningly.", "PIETT:": "It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I was about to clear them. Vader looks upward, as he senses Luke's presence. Shall I hold them? Hold here. I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He has something special planned for them. We only need to keep them from escaping. 104  Intensify the forward batteries. I don't want anything to get through. The commander is looking out of the window where a damaged Rebel fighter is out of control and heading directly toward the bridge. Intensify forward firepower!", "GUARD:": "(repeating Vader's command) The Emperor will see you, now. 69  ", "HAN (OS)": "Luke! Luke! Luke runs with the helmet to where Han has found the charred wreckage of a speeder bike in the grass.", "HAN": "What, Chewie? What? Chewie! The others rush to keep up with the giant Wookiee. As he scoots along, Artoo whistles nervously. 71  ", "I...": "", "COMMANDER:": "This is a Rebel that surrendered to us. Although he denies it, I believe there may be more of them, and I request permission to conduct a further search of the area. The commander extends his hand, revealing Luke's lightsaber. He was armed only with this. Vader looks at Luke, turns away and faces the commander, taking the lightsaber from the commander's hand. Yes, my Lord. The officer and troops withdraw. Vader and Luke are left standing alone in the oddly tranquil beauty of the place. The sounds of the forest filter in upon them. Freeze! You Rebel scum. Han and Leia spin, to find dozens of Imperial weapons trained on them and their cohorts. A poised force of Imperial troops surround them. Even more pour into the room, roughly disarming the Rebel contingent. Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange looks. They're helpless. 92   We're in attack position now, sir. We're not going to attack? It's too late! The Rebel pilot screams as his ship hits the Star Destroyer, causing a huge explosion. The giant battle ship loses control, crashes into the Death Star, and explodes. 129 ", "ACKBAR (VO)": "Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume attack coordinates. Lando turns to his weird copilot. All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.", "SCOUT:": "Look! Over there! Stop him! Three of the Imperial scouts jump on their rocket bikes and speed away in pursuit. The fourth watches them go from his post at the door. 87  ", "WEDGE:": "Red Leader standing by. Lock S-foils in attack positions. 94   Copy, Gold Leader. The battle continues around the giant cruisers. 98   Cut to the left! I'll take the leader! They're heading for the medical frigate. Lando steers the Falcon through a complete flip, as his crew fires at the TIEs from the belly guns. Good shot, Red Two. Form up. And stay alert. We could run out of space real fast. The fighters and the Falcon race through the tunnel, still pursued by the There it is! Copy, Gold Leader. I'm already on my way out. The X-wing heads for the top of the huge reactor and fires several proton torpedoes at the power regulator, causing a series of small explosions. The Falcon heads for the main reactor, and when it is dangerously close, Lando fires the missiles, which shoot out of the Falcon with a powerful roar, and hit directly at the center of the main reactor.", "GRAY LEADER:": "Gray Leader standing by.", "CONTROLLER:": "Admiral, we have enemy ships in sector 47. On the screen can be seen the moon, Death Star, and the massive Imperial fleet. Ackbar moves to the comlink.", "REBEL PILOT:": "There's too many of them! She's gonna blow! I'm on it, Gold Leader.", "STORMTROOPER:": "All right, move it! I said move it! Go on! From the undergrowth beyond the clearing comes a wild series of beeps and whistles. And -- Let's go! Artoo and Threepio are standing near one of the big trees. As six Imperial stormtroopers rush over to take them captive, the two droids duck out of sight behind the tree. Freeze! Don't move! Don't move! Leia holds her laser gun ready, behind Han, out of view of the two stormtroopers moving toward them. Han and Leia's eyes lock; the moment seems suspended in time. Hands up! Stand up! Han stands up slowly and turns, revealing the gun in Leia's hand. She disposes of the stormtroopers in a flash. As Han turns back toward Leia, he looks up to see a giant walker approach and stand before him, its deadly weapons aimed right at him.", "BUNKER COMMANDER": "Bring those two down here!", "RED TWO:": "Got it!", "RED THREE:": "Three of them coming in, twenty degrees!", "NAVIGATOR:": "Pressure's steady. The copilot Nien Nunb chatters an observation.", "Y-WING PILOT": "I'm hit! The damaged Y-wing plummets toward the Star Destroyer, and crashes into the control tower, exploding. 114 ", "STORMTROOPER (OS)": "Freeze! They freeze.", "HAN/PILOT (VO)": "It's over, Commander. The Rebels have been routed. They're fleeing into the woods. We need reinforcements to continue the pursuit. The controllers cheer.", "SECOND COMMANDER": "Yes, sir. 120 ", "PILOT:": "Copy, Gold Leader. The Rebel ships peel off pursued by three of the TIE's, while Lando and Wedge continue through the main tunnel. It narrows, and the Falcon scrapes the side dangerously. Two other", "LURE:": "But you'll die.", "ANAKIN:": "You already have, Luke. You were right about me. Tell your sister...you were right."}, "star-wars-the-force-awakens.pdf": {"STAR WARS": "", "EPISODE VII": "", "ARE IN:": "", "QUIET:": "", "POE": "Yeah, all right, buddy, hold on -- Poe runs over -- removes the ancient data device that Lor San Tekka had given him from a base computer. He inserts it back inside", "POE (CONT'D)": "This is Starkiller Base. This is news to many here, and they're stunned.", "HIM:": "", "SENIOR TROOPER": "Stay here. Our Trooper nods. Kylo Ren stops before the outraged Lor San Tekka, dwarfing him. Only now does it become apparent that Kylo Ren wears a", "KYLO REN": "You need a teacher! I can show you the ways of the Force!", "(CONTINUED)": "", "(INDICATES KYLO'S": "", "MASK)": "It's just very hard to understand you with all the...   ", "CONTINUED:": "", "(TO TROOPERS)": "Search him.", "CAPTAIN PHASMA": "(to Finn, cruel) You can't be so stupid as to think this will be easy. My troops will storm this block and kill you all.", "BACKS AWAY:": " ", "CUT TO:": "", "SPACESHIPS.": "", "UNKAR": "", "REY": "We'll see each other again. I believe that. Thank you, my friend.", "REY (CONT'D)": "Thank you.", "says, fiercely:": "", "STRAIGHTENS THE": "", "ANTENNA)": "Where do you come from?", "(MORE)": " ", "(HE BEEPS)": "You're welcome. The two disappear behind a dune.", "GENERAL HUX": "The fuel cells have ruptured. The collapse of the planet has begun. Snoke takes this in. Furious, desolate... knowing.", "(OBJECTS)": "Last week they were a half portion each. She hates him. He leans forward.  ", "UNKAR (CONT'D)": "Sixty portions.", "STORMTROOPER": "Sir, sensors triggered in hangar 718. We're searching the area.", "(THAT'S CRAZY)": "No no no! I'm breaking you out. Can you fly a", "(BEAT)": "I've already been away too long.", "THAT?": "", "FINN": "Rey! Rey! Rey... Rey... Oh no. Oh no no no... Finn turns to her, afraid and concerned. But the", "LIEUTENANT MITAKA": "The two were accompanied by a girl. Ren reaches out -- Mitaka is suddenly, violently", "(VEXED)": "From one of our own.", "(GETTING READINGS)": "Disabled. They were headed back to Jakku -- the fighter's projected to crash in the Goazon badlands.", "FINN (CONT'D)": "What'd he say?", "(WITH VITRIOL)": "I won't have you question my methods.", "AGAIN)": "", "(RELIVING IT)": "Poe didn't make it. (sees", "ROLLS OFF)": "Look, I tried to help him. I'm sorry...", "(WHISPERS)": "I'm with the Resistance. Rey lowers her staff, Finn stands. Rey studies", "Quiet, urgent:": "", "OFF-CAMERA)": "What about that ship?", "(CLIMBS DOWN)": "Y'ever fly this thing?", "WHAT?": "", "(TO HERSELF)": "I hope.", "CONTINUED: REY": "", "(TO FINN)": "Kid, you worked there, what do you got?", "(QUIETLY)": "... I didn't know there was this much green in the whole galaxy... Han watches her -- sees a vulnerability that touches him.", "(HEADS OFF)": "-- No it can't be --", "SOMETHING --": "Finn's mind races --", "HAN": "Yes. Anything. Kylo Ren unholsters his lightsaber and", "HAN (CONT'D)": "You're right. That's a better idea. (checks his detonator) You take the top.", "(TO CHEWIE)": "Chewie, check out the ship as best you can.", "(TO REY)": "Who had it, Ducain?", "THE HYPERDRIVE--": "", "(OVERLAPPING HER)": "-- Stress on the hyperdrive-- (who is she?", "LOOSE--": "Han hurries out -- they all follow, (Chewie, Rey, Finn, then", "CONTINUED: HAN": "They're big and dangerous...", "(CHEWIE MOAN-TALKS)": "Yes, I do. Every time.", "BALA-TIK": "Inform the First Order that Han Solo has the droid they want. And it's aboard the Millennium Falcon.", "INTERCUT WITH:": "", "TASU LEECH": "Nowhere left for you to hide.   ", "RAZOO QIN-FEE": "Search the freighter. One of the Kanjiklubbers begins moving down the corridor,", "(PALE)": "Wrong fuses.", "(SHOCKED)": "From inside the hangar? Is that even possible?", "(HUGE PROBLEM)": "No problem!", "SNOKE (V.O.)": "This scavenger, resisted you?", "SNOKE": "Leave the base at once and come to me with Kylo Ren.", "(STEELY RESOLVE)": "By the grace of your training, I will not be seduced.", "INT. LOUNGE:": "As Finn struggles to bandage the", "(SHRUGS)": "... I'm just a scavenger. Han gives Finn a skeptical once-over as Finn finally manages to", "DOWN:": "", "MAZ": "You have one! He looks at her questioningly -- he's supposed to use the lightsaber?! He", "BAZINE": "Inform the First Order... I've found the droid.", "ON FINN": "Who has arrived at the table with the", "(STOPS HER)": "Like all of them, I was taken from a family I'll never know. And raised to do one thing...", "(EMOTIONAL)": "But my first battle, I made a choice. I wasn't going to kill for them. So I ran.", "DOOR OPENS.": "Hesitant, Rey enters.", "YOUNG GIRL": "No, come back!  ", "UNKAR PLUTT": "Quiet, girl! The ship flies towards the desert sun, which is strangely eclipsed, as if being eaten by darkness. Rey looks around her to see she is.. In a", "REY'S HAND)": "Dear child. I see your eyes. You already know the truth. Whomever you're waiting for on Jakku, they're never coming back. But... there's someone who still could.", "MAZ (CONT'D)": "Those beasts! They're here!", "FINN (O.S.)": "It was the Republic. Han and Chewie turn as Finn arrives, moving quickly through the crowd. With", "(TO CHEWBACCA)": "I like this thing.", "STORMTROOPER (CONT'D)": "We have incoming at two-eight-point- six! Move! Dispatch! Move! Scramble all squads! Repeat, scramble all squads! Anti-air cover en route to our position!", "JESS (V.O.)": "Copy that!", "SNAP (V.O.)": "We're with you, Poe! The Stormtroopers around Finn, Han and Chewie", "UP.": "", "(WALKS PAST)": "Yeah, yeah, I know... And he and Chewie head off.", "LEIA": "Rey. Rey turns around.", "YOU --": "", "DR. KALONIA": "", "(CHEWIE TALKS)": "You must be so brave. Chewie agrees.", "(SIGHS)": "", "(LONG BEAT)": "You're my guest.", "LEIA (CONT'D)": "May the Force be with you. This fills Rey up. She smiles gratefully. Rey crosses to the Falcon.", "I?": "", "GENERAL STATURA": "General, the reconnaissance report on the enemy base is coming.", "HAPPENED.": "", "STARKILLER TECHNICIAN": "Weapon at full capacity in thirty seconds.", "SNAP": "Yes! The X-wings", "BRANCE": "A laser cannon?    ", "MAJOR EMATT": "", "(HORRIBLE MEMORIES)": "It's another Death Star.", "ADMIRAL ACKBAR": "The Oscillator's been damaged but is still functional.", "ADMIRAL STATURA": "Give Poe full authorization to attack.", "HEXAGONAL STRUCTURE.": "", "(HYPOTHESIZING)": "If we can destroy that oscillator, it might de-stabilize the core and cripple the weapon.", "(beat, then:)": "I can do it.", "LONGINGLY:": "", "CHEWIE GROANS:": "", "DRY.": "", "THE WORKSTATION:": "", "REAR ADMIRAL": "", "GULCH": "Black Leader, go to sub-lights. On your call.", "YOLO ZIFF": "Black Leader, there's a brand new hole in that oscillator. Looks like our friends got in!", "POE PILOTS:": "", "COLONEL DATOO": "Lieutenant, get back to your station!", "LT. BASTIAN": "I'm coming in!", "ELLO ASTY": "I'm hit! The alien pilot's X-wing is blasted to pieces.", "SOMETHING BEHIND": "", "FINN)": "Why are you doing that? Why are you doing -- this? I'm trying to come up with a plan. Finn turns --", "OFFICER": "X-wings coming back for another round of attacks!", "JESS": "Watch out!", "VOBER DAND": "Two more X-wings down. That's half our fleet destroyed.", "(CHEWIE DOES)": "I'll go down below. Detonator. We'll meet back here. They head off in opposite directions.", "GONE.": "", "VANISHES.": "Han actually smiles -- and reaches out for the dark weapon -- but with the light now gone,", "(PANTING)": "Solo.", "(ALSO PANTING)": "No, no. Han's last moment is looking into his son's face.", "DEVASTATED.": "", "NIV LEK": "Copy that, Black Leader! Good luck, Poe! The trailing X-wings peel off as Poe's black fighter darts into the fiery breach.", "YOUNG TECHNICIAN": "(stops, fleetingly) Just look. We won't survive -- even Hux has gone! As he hurries off,", "(GRIM)": "It is time to complete his training.", "MEDIC": "Easy, easy. He's hurt. We've got a heartbeat. Rey walks down the ramp and sees, for the first time, Leia.", "CONTINUES BEEPING)": "Find Master Luke how? Come,", "LUKE'S LIGHTSABER.": "And she holds it out to him. An offer. A plea. The galaxy's only hope."}, "starwars_revenge-of-sith.php": {"EXT. SPACE": "A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the MainTitle, followed by a rollup, which crawls into infinity. War! The Republic is crumbling under attacks by theruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku. There are heroes on both sides. Evil is everywhere. Anakin and Obi-Wan\u2019s Starfighters speed out of theseverely damaged Trade Federation Cruiser in the nick oftime. Numerous", "FIGHTER.": "2.", "ANAKIN :": "There isn't a droid made that can out flyyou, Master, and no other way to get tothe Chancellor... Break left, fly through the guns on that tower. Obi-Wan flies to the left of a huge tower on a Don't worry. I'm coming around behind you. Obi-Wan deftly maneuvers around a large Starship'ssuperstructure, but the Dead ahead! Closing... lock onto him, Artoo. Artoo (laughs) We got him, Artoo! Anakin I copy, Artoo. Good idea... I need some room to maneuver, though. Obi-Wan dives toward the surface of one of the largerTRADE Cut right. Do you hear me? Cut right. Don't let him get a handle on you. Come on, Artoo, lock on! Lock on! Artoo We're locked on... we've got him. 4. Anakin drops in behind the Yeah! We got him... good going, Artoo. Lock onto them, Artoo. Master, General Grievous's ship is directly ahead. Artoo The one crawling with vulture droids. Come on, Master. This is where the fun begins. Ten Vulture Droids straight ahead, comingdown the left side. Artoo I'm going head to head. See you. Incoming!! Artoo Here we go. The Jedi ships split up and make a quick loop around theDROID Hang on. There are four more of them. I'm coming around on your tail. How many back there. Artoo? (Artoo beeps) Three... Four... that's not good. I know, I know. I know, I know! 7. I'm going low and left. Obi-Wan shakes his head. Hang on, Artoo. Obi-Wan, do you copy? I'm going to pull them through theneedle. Sorry, no choice. Come down here and thin them out a little. Obi-Wan drops in behind the Wrong thought, Artoo. Anakin slips through the narrow gap. The trailingVulture Droid Fighters I'm through. Obi-Wan continues firing on the I'm going to go help them out! Missiles! Pull up! 9. Anakin and Obi-Wan break right and left, and the missilesfollow them. Anakin does a barrel roll spin, causing themissiles following him to collide and They're coming around! Surge all power units, Artoo! Stand bythe reverse thrusters. Anakin spins his starfighter. The missiles spin andcollide. We got 'em, Artoo! Two missiles continue to track Obi-Wan. I see them... Buzz Droids. The Move to the right so I can get a clearshot. Steady, steady... I agree, bad idea. Swing right, easeover... steady... Move to the right. I'm not leaving without you, Obi-Wan. Anakin moves his ship next to Obi-Wan's and tries tophysically knock the Get 'em, Artoo. Watch out! Yeah, you got him! Stay on my wing, the General's CommandShip is dead ahead. Easy, pull up... Head for the hangar. Oh! Sorry, Master. Anakin streaks ahead of Obi-Wan's disintegrating JediFighter and blasts the shield generator. It Tap into the ship's computers. They cut down the last of the droids and follow Artoo over to a computer wall socket. The two I sense Count Dooku\u2019s presence. Next move? Artoo, go back. I need you to stay withthe ship. Ready. They use their lightsabers to cut a large circle in thefloor. 14. Well then, we're safe for the time being. They're sealing this section off. Here's a way out. 15. As the Destroyers! Finally the door opens, and they rush inside under a hailof laser bolts. The elevator door slides shut. The Well, there's more than one way out ofhere. 16. Anakin ignites his lightsaber. Are you all right? My powers have doubled since the lasttime we met. I shouldn't...  Yes, but he was an unarmed prisoner. 19. He raises his hand towards the Admiral's Chair, the Chancellor's restraints pop loose. I shouldn't have done that, Chancellor. It's not the Jedi way. Palpatine stands up, rubbing his wrists. No... it wasn\u2019t like that this time. Palpatine places his hands on Anakin\u2019s shoulders. (beat) I suppose. He seems to be all right. His fate will be the same as ours. He picks up Obi-Wan, slings him over his shoulder, headsfor the elevators. 20. Artoo, we\u2019re in the same elevator as before. Get us back down to the hangar. You\u2019ll be back in the Senate in no time. Obi-Wan snaps back into life. On our way out of here. He\u2019s dead. Well, things didn\u2019t go that smoothly. He wasn\u2019t exactly willing to surrender. He never would have talked, Master. Yes, Master. Here we are. The three of them exit the elevator. Try and keep a positive outlook, Master. (comlink) Artoo, we\u2019re here. Artoo moves out into the open, rolls towards Anakin\u2019sStarfighter. Obi-Wan and Palpatine jog towards his ship when... The main blast door opens, revealing General Grievous and You\u2019re all mine, General. Coward! You keep on running, Grievous... Grievous scurries away like an insect using his four armsand two legs. Anakin catches up to him, cutting off one arm. Grievous doesn\u2019t want to fight, he\u2019s looking for an escape. There\u2019s nowhere to run. I\u2019m gonna take the rest of your arms now! 24. Grievous scales the wall again, this time squeezing intoan Exhaust Port, where he disappears. (finishing) Massive casualties, I know. Finish it off up here. Right. Seems reasonable... I think. I\u2019m following your lead, Master. 26. Artoo, see if you can increase the power. Artoo Just remember, this was your idea. But that\u2019s only part of the problemsolved. We still have to stop its momentum. You may want to step aside for this, Chancellor. Ready as I\u2019ll ever be, Master. I\u2019ve missed you so much. How many months? What is it? That\u2019s nothing. I\u2019ve already forgottenhow I got it. Sooner than expected now that Count Dooku is out of the picture. They sit down on a bench next to a fountain in thegrandiose style of Padme\u2019s lush home planet. And I will be, Padme, I promise. Is that why you\u2019re so nervous lately? I know. One day things will be different. We\u2019ll be able to live out in the open. (smiling) I\u2019m ready. I'm sorry, I was held up. I have no excuse. What's wrong then? 35. Well, that can only mean lessdeliberating and more action. It willmake it easier for us to end this war. Be careful of what? He didn't inform the Jedi Council? That's unusual, isn't it? I know the Council has grown wary of hispower, mine also for that matter. Aren't we all working together to save theRepublic? Why all this distrust? The Jedi will no longer report to theSenate? With all due respect, sir, the Council isin no mood for more constitutional amendments. Page 32/124 Of course. I can assure you that the Jedi arededicated to the values of the Republic. For what? I don't understand. I will do my best to uphold theprinciples of the Jedi Order. I understand. What?! How can you do this? It\u2019s outrageous, it's unfair... How can one beon the Council and not be a Master? (beat) Forgive me, Master. Anakin sits in one of the empty chairs. Everyone isembarrassed by his behavior. Ki-Adi-Mundi, who appears as a hologram, speaks. I know that system well. It would take us little time to drive the droids off that planet. Then what kind of nonsense is this, putme on the Council and not make me a Master? That's never been done in the history of the Jedi. I didn't ask to be put on the Council. You mean divided loyalties. The Council is only upset because I'm the youngest to ever serve. Master, you of all people should haveconfidence in my abilities. I know where my loyalties lie. I sense there's more to this talk than you're saying. And? 41. (frustrated) Just say what you have to say, Obi-Wan. They want me to spy on the Chancellor? That's treason! Why didn't the Council give me thisassignment when we were in session? The Chancellor\u2019s not a bad man, Obi-Wan. He's watched out for me ever since I arrived here. The Senate demanded that he stay longer. You're asking me to do something againstthe Jedi Code. Against the Republic, against a mentor, and a friend. That's what's out of place here. Why are youasking this of me? You wanted to see me, Chancellor. They try. I'm not sure I understand. I don't think... You speak like a Jedi, Chancellor. I know they don't trust you. I have to admit that lately my trust inthem has been shaken. I don't know what to say. The Jedi use their power for good. (finishing) ...evil. Page 41/124 The Sith rely on their passion for theirstrength. They think inwardly, onlyabout themselves. The Jedi are selfless... they only careabout others. I'm not sure it is wrong. No. Should I have? He could actually save people from death? What happened to him? 47. Is it possible to learn this power? A partial message was intercepted in adiplomatic packet from the Chairman ofUtapau. The Chancellor has requested that I leadthe campaign. They all look at He was not so successful the last time he met Grievous. Obi-Wan throws Anakin a dirty look. You're going to need me on this one, Master. Master! Obi-Wan stops and Anakin walks over to him. Master, I've disappointed you. I haven\u2019t been very appreciative of your training. I\u2019ve been arrogant and I apologize. I've just been so frustrated with the Council. But your friendship, it means everything to me. Well, there's always a first time. Obi-Wan laughs. They talk for a few more minutes beforeAnakin watches Obi-Wan depart. Obi-Wan, may the Force be with you. Surely Senator Amidala can be trusted. I'm sure you're mistaken. I simply don't sense betrayal in SenatorAmidala. Palpatine studies Anakin carefully and gives him askeptical look. 60. It\u2019s nothing, Chancellor. Yes, Master. Anakin leaves the room. Commander Cody's hologramdisappears. I hate it just as much as you do. I know, Padme. I\u2019m looking for asolution. Don\u2019t talk like that. I am a Jedi Master. (angrily) I\u2019ve trained most all of my life toachieve this position and you want me tothrow it all away? This conversation is over for now. I\u2019ll see you later tonight. 64. Anakin walks away back into the covered tunnel of theplatform. Padme sobs as she returns to her Speeder Car. As Anakin walks towards the elevator, a hooded figureemerges from behind (shocked) Master Windu... You don\u2019t understand, Master. What are you going to do now? They will expel me, Master Windu. You\u2019ve never like me. You were alwaysset against me. Tread carefully, Master Windu. I am a Jedi Master as well. Then I take that as a threat on my... (ignites his lightsaber) Life! Anakin charges his fellow Master. Mace Windu ignites hisdistinctive purple blade and parries the blow. Mace and Anakin have never even sparred, so they brieflyfeel each other You\u2019ve made a big mistake, Master Windu. No, my power knows no bounds. Anakin summons the Force and throws Mace backwards into the tunnel wall, smashing the glass. The tunnel rocks as the wind whips in through theopening. The damaged support beams give way and thetunnel starts to lean downward. 66. I\u2019m sorry, Master Windu. But it\u2019s either you or me. Padme runs over, holds on to one of the beams. Stay out of this, Padme. Stop fighting me, Padme! Stop it! Anakin uses the Force to immobilize her. He backs away, Page 60/124 He was going to expose me, Padme. He releases Padme. 67. You saw how he threatened me? Padme gasps for air. I\u2019m sorry, are you alright? Anakin hugs Padme, kisses her hair. I\u2019m so sorry. Leave that to me. I\u2019ll take care of this. Something\u2019s happened. They will never forgive me for this. I\u2019ve done something terrible, Chancellor. He leans his back against the wall, slides his body downuntil he\u2019s sitting on the floor. Only now does Palpatine approach him. (looking at Palpatine) I killed someone, an innocent man. They\u2019ll never forgive me. I\u2019ll be expelled from the Order! Page 62/124 No. Master Windu. I came here straight away. I didn\u2019t know where else to turn. All this time the Jedi Council has been watching me... watching us. Master Windu had been following me for days. I told him he didn\u2019t understand, and that he was suspicious out of pure jealousy. Palpatine grins, he was never a fan of Master Windu. 70. He began accusing me of treason to theRepublic, and betrayal of the Jedi. He knew about Padme. He would have exposed me. He was goingto tell the Council everything. Master Windu always doubted me, ever since I wasa child! (angrily) He never wanted to allow me into the Order in the first place! Chancellor, what am I going to do? I can\u2019t involve you in this. You\u2019ve done so much for me already. Page 64/124 Thank you, Chancellor. You\u2019re the onlyone who understands me. 71. I wish I knew. More and more I get thefeeling that I am being excluded from theCouncil. I know there are things aboutthe Force that they are not telling me. (surprised) How do you know the ways of the Force? You know of the dark side? Expel me, for what? 73. How do you know this? Who told you? I want the world to know that I love her, and that we are married. Why are you confronting me like this? (looks at Palpatine) How? You... you\u2019re a Sith. (it dawns on him now) You\u2019re Lord Sidious! But Count Dooku? Then this entire war, all of it, this was your plan from the beginning! Then it\u2019s true, the dark side is stronger. I don\u2019t know what to think! I can feel your power surging throughoutthe room. And what happens to Padme? And in its place? No, what are you doing? It\u2019s unlike anything I\u2019ve ever known. What must I do? He is harmless. Is Obi-Wan with them? He is my friend, but he was a threat tous all. 81. I pledge myself to your teachings. To the ways of the Sith. Page 74/124 It\u2019s nothing. You\u2019ll want to sit down to hear this. They sit down on the large sofa. There was an insurrection. The Jedi turned against the Chancellor. Neither could They were upset the Chancellor put me onthe Council, but the division was there long before these troubles. 98. It means I\u2019m no longer a Jedi. Now we\u2019re free like we\u2019d hoped to be. I don\u2019t know. He disappeared once theClones were called in. Padme gets up, paces in front of Anakin. No one could have foreseen this happening. Perhaps it\u2019s best in themeantime that you go home to Naboo until this all settles down. He stands, holds Padme\u2019s hands. Let our child be born there instead of here where there\u2019s so much turmoil. I\u2019m my own master now. 99. You're no match for the dark side, Master. Page 109/124", "OBI-WAN": "I've heard that before, Anakin... but I never thought I'd hear it from you. Vader forces Obi-Wan back into the Conference Room where the quarters are much closer. Sparks fly everywhere. The agile Vader jumps onto the conference table. Obi-Wan slides across the table, knocking Vader over. Obi-", "OBI-WAN KENOBI": "I will be able to talk with him?", "EXPLODES.": "", "GENERAL GRIEVOUS": "Prepare to move out of orbit. I will beup in a few moments. Obi-Wan sizes up the situation, looking for a way to getto Grievous. He uses the Force to destabilize the Wheel Scooter as Grievous charges at him. Grievous loses control of the Wheel Scooter, leaps out asit races towards Obi-Wan. Obi-Wan dives out of the wayof the Scooter and it rolls off the (coughing) This is not the end, Kenobi. The Droid Armies will never stop.", "CAPTAIN :": "Two Jedi have landed in the main hangarbay.", "PALPATINE :": "(quietly) Count Dooku. Palpatine makes a small gesture with his hand. Obi-Wan and Anakin turn around. The elevator doors open as Good, Anakin, good. I knew you could doit. Kill him. Kill him now! Dooku is bewildered by the Chancellor\u2019s vicious order. (sternly) Do it! The helpless Count\u2019s eyes widen, he cannot believe hislegendary life will end like this. Anakin cuts off Dooku's head. A huge It is only natural. You wanted revenge. It wasn't the first time, Anakin. Besides, he was threatening the life ofthe Supreme Chancellor of the Republic. Should there be an inquiry I shall vouchfor your bravery. Now, we really mustleave before more security droids arrive. The ship begins leaning to one side. Anakin rushes over to Obi-Wan, lifts the control console from on top of him, and pulls him free. He kneels down and checks his unconscious friend. Anakin, there isn\u2019t any time. We must get off the ship before it's too late. Page 17/124 Leave him, or we'll never make it. How good to have you back with us, MasterKenobi. Master Kenobi, if I may intervene. I witnessed the entire event. Lord Tyranusleft Anakin no alternative but to kill or be killed. Obi-Wan looks at Anakin. Is he always this forceful? Oh my, that\u2019s a disater in the making. You\u2019re Jedi. Why don\u2019t you use theForce? Obi-Wan thinks a moment, makes perfect sense. Oh, yes, of course. Good luck to youboth. (amazed) Even though I suggested it, I neverthought it possible. (grinning) So it is. Anakin, this afternoon the Senate is going to call on me to take directcontrol of the Jedi Council. They will report to me... personally. The Senate is too unfocused to conduct a war. This will bring a quick end tothings. (beat) There are times when we must all endure adjustments to the constitution in thename of security. Anakin, I've known you since you were asmall boy. I have advised you over theyears when I could ... I am very proud ofyour accomplishments. You have won manybattles the Jedi Council thought werelost... and you saved my life. I hopeyou trust me, Anakin. I need your help, son. I fear the Jedi. The Council keeps pushing for morecontrol. They're shrouded in secrecy andobsessed with maintaining their autonomy. Ideals I find simply incomprehensible ina democracy. Nevertheless, their actions will speakmore loudly than their words. I'm depending on you. 37. To be the eyes, ears, and voice of theRepublic. Anakin thinks about this. I'm appointing you to be my personalrepresentative on the Jedi Council. Oh, I think they will... they need youmore than you know. Yes, Anakin! Come closer. I have good news. Our Clone Intelligence Units havediscovered the location of General Grievous. He is hiding in the Utapau system. Page 39/124 I would worry about the collective wisdomof the Council if they didn't select youfor this assignment. Yes, how the do. Sit down, (to his aides) Leave us. The aides exit the box without a word. Anakin sits next to Palpatine. The Chancellor leans over to him. Anakin, you know I'm not able to rely onthe Jedi Council. They simply oppose me at every turn. If they haven't includedyou in their plot, they soon will. You must sense what I have come to suspect... that the Jedi Council wantcontrol of the Republic. And they'replanning to betray me. Anakin, search your feelings. You know, don't you? Page 40/124 (grinning) Hardly, but you were saying... Or the Senate, the Republic... ordemocracy, for that matter. 45. They asked you to do something that madeyou feel dishonest, didn't they? Anakin doesn't say anything. He simply looks down. They asked you to spy on me, didn't they? Remember back to your early teachings, Anakin. \"All those who gain power areafraid to lose it.\" Even the Jedi. Good is a point of view, Anakin. And the Jedi point of view is not the only valid one. The Dark Lords of the Sith believe in security and justice also, yet theyare considered by the Jedi to be... Yes. From a Jedi's limited point ofview. The Sith and the Jedi are similar in almost every way, including theirquest for greater power. The difference between the two is the Sith are not afraid of the dark side of the Force. That is why they are more powerful. And the Jedi do not? 46. Have they asked you to betray the Jedicode? The Constitution? A friendship? Your own values? Think. Consider their motives. Keep your mind clear ofassumptions. The fear of losing power isa weakness of both the Jedi and the Sith. Anakin is deep in thought. Did you ever hear the tragedy of DarthPlagueis \"the wise\"? Not exactly. It's a Sith legend. DarthPlagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use theForce to influence the midi-chlorians Page 42/124 The dark side of the Force is a pathwayto many abilities some consider to be... unnatural. He became so powerful the only thing hewas afraid of was losing his power, whicheventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprenticeeverything he knew, then his apprenticekilled him in his sleep. (smiles) It's ironic, isn\u2019t it? Lord Plagueiscould save others from death, but not (ominously) Not from a Jedi. I want this terrible conflict to end as much as you do, My Lady, and when it doesI guarantee an immediate return todemocracy. You must trust me to do the right things, Senator. After all, that is why I amhere. I have said I will do what is right, thatshould be enough for your . . . committee. I thank you for bringing this to myattention, Senator. Padme gives Anakin a frustrated look, then turns andexits with the other They are not to be trusted. These are unstable times for the Republic, Anakin. Some see instabilityas an opportunity. Senator Amidala is hiding something. I can see it in her eyes. I'm surprised your Jedi insights are notmore sensitive to such things. Yes, you do, but you don't seem to wantto admit it. There is much conflict in you, Anakin. Anakin, what\u2019s the matter? Anakin continues pacing madly, the only way to sate theadrenaline still rushing through his system. What happened. Tell me? Palpatine cautiously advances toward Anakin. Forgive you for what? Anakin, I can\u2019t help you if you don\u2019t tell me what\u2019s wrong. Anakin slows down his pacing, takes several deep breaths. I see. But you are a Jedi. What is it in self- defense? Anakin looks up, his eyes bloodshot and red, shakes hishead, no. 69. Who was it, Anakin? Oh, dear. Does anyone else know aboutthis? And you did the right thing. Come with me. I must ask you what happened, Anakin. I need the facts If I\u2019m to protect you. Go on. And how did you respond to him? Yes, Master Windu and I never did see eye to eye. It was only a matter of time before thatsecret became known. Yes, I know. He doubted the idea of youbeing the Chosen One. Anakin stands up, walks toward Palpatine. You are not alone, Anakin. We are goingto handle this... together. Anakin, I have always looked after yourbest interests, and I shall not abandon you now in the time of your greatestneed. It is upsetting to me to see that theCouncil doesn't seem to fully appreciateyour talents. Don't you wonder why theywon't make you a Jedi Master? They don't trust you, Anakin. They seeyour future. They know your power willbe too strong to control. Anakin, youmust break through the fog of lies theJedi have created around you. Let me help you to know the subtleties of theForce. They walk into the hallway. My mentor taught me everything about theForce... even the nature of the dark side. They stop. Anakin, if one is to understand the greatmystery, one must study all its aspects, not just the dogmatic, narrow view of theJedi. If you wish to become a completeand wise leader, you must embrace alarger view of the Force. Be careful of the Jedi, Anakin. Come now, Anakin, I know that Senator Amidala is in fact your beloved wife. Anakin is surprised, a bit angry. Don\u2019t worry, your secret is safe with me. But if the Jedi, or your dear friend, Obi- Wan, were ever to find out, the Jedi would be forced to expel you from theOrder. Anakin walks over to the massive window, gazes out at thesky traffic. I know you do, Anakin. But at what cost? Because I want to help you. Let me train you. Oh, no. I am something far morepowerful. Palpatine turns and walks to the center of the room. Anakin turns away from the window. Only through me can you achieve a powergreater than any Jedi. 74. Palpatine turns around, reveals his true face. His eyesglow bright yellow, his voice deepens... Learn to know the dark side of the Force, Anakin, and you will become its mostpowerful practitioner. (grinning) There is none higher, Anakin. Anakin cannot believe what he\u2019s hearing, or seeing. Darth Tyranus was merely my apprentice. And a rather convenient means to an end. Anakin walks away from the window, paces back and forth. Yes, it required years of manipulation tobring events to where they stand now. And all the while, underneath the careful watch of the supposedly wise Order of theJedi. Page 68/124 More than you could ever imagine. Erse your mind\u2019s questions and searchyour feelings. What do they tell you? 75. Yes, now seize it and make it yours. Use my knowledge, I beg you! She comes with us. Soon the war will be over, and the Republic must come to anend. A Galactic Empire, ruled by me and myapprentice. Palpatine walks over to Anakin, touches his face. How does it feel, Skywalker? Anakin is afraid but he doesn\u2019t resist. The surging DarkSide power gives Page 69/124 This is just the beginning. Oh, thethings I shall teach you. You have already done what I have askedof you, and more. By killing MasterWindu you removed the one Jedi whoharbored suspicions about me. His meddling was growing tiresome, and as forMaster Yoda... 76. There you are wrong, Anakin. As we speak, your friends are on their way toinvestigate Master Windu\u2019s disappearance. Indeed he is. I\u2019m afraid I do not know. He certainlyisn\u2019t here. On what charge? 77. (sighs) So be it. Palpatine stands, a laser sword appears out of his cloaksleeve, and he spins toward the Jedi. It's treason, then. Palpatine darts forward with unbelievable speed and killsSaesee Tiin before the Jedi can even raise his lightsaber! Obi-Wan is gobsmacked by Palpatine\u2019s speed and ability, always viewing him as a weak old man. But now isn\u2019t the For two-thousand years the Sith have waited for their chance, and now we rise to rule forever! Palpatine charges Obi-Wan overpowering him with a seriesof blows. In the heat of battle, Obi-Wan cuts the window behind the Chancellor's desk, and it crashes away! (chuckling) The Republic is finished, Master Kenobi! Palpatine raises his hands, and No! You will die! Obi-Wan summons all the Force he can, pushes Palpatineout to the edge of the ledge. As the Jedi moves closer, the bolts from Palpatine'shands begin to arch back on him! The Chancellor's face begins to twist and distort. His He is a traitor, Anakin, help me! Obi-Wan realizes Anakin is not going to intervene. He moves in closer, every step redirecting the ForceLightning back onto Palpatine. You have done well, my young apprentice. Yes, this was a difficult test for you, Iknow. Anakin fights to hide his real feelings over Kenobi\u2019sfate. He can only hope that his Master somehow survivedthe fall. Come here, my apprentice. Anakin obeys, kneels before Palpatine. Arise, Darth Vader. Anakin stands, now knighted as a Dark Lord of the Sith. The remaining Jedi will be hunted downand defeated. (applause) Any collaborators will suffer the samefate. (applause) These have been trying times, but we havepassed the test. The war is over. (applause) The Separatists have been defeated, (applause) and the Jedi rebellion has been foiled. We stand on the threshold of a new In order to ensure our security andcontinuing stability, the Republic willbe reorganized into the first GalacticEmpire, for a safe and secure societywhich I assure you will last for tenthousand years. There is a loud, sustained An empire that will continue to be ruledby this august body, and a sovereignruler chosen for life... The Senate An empire ruled by the majority... ruledby a new constitution... The Senate", "PILOT :": "All batteries fire! Fire! We are receiving a message from theChancellor's office, sir. 104. Yes, sir. The Pilot pushes some buttons.", "INT. ELEVATOR": "Anakin lays Obi-Wan down, contacts Artoo via comlink.", "PALPATINE:": " (smiling) Or so you've been trained to believe. Why is it, then, that they have asked youto do something you feel is wrong? (to Anakin) Their sincerity is to be admired, although I sense there is more to theirrequest than they are telling us. (laughing) Master Kenobi, without me the Republicwould fall completely apart. (to Anakin) I told you it would come to this. I was right. The Jedi are taking over! (to Anakin) Come to your senses, boy. The Jedi are in revolt. They will betray you, just asthey betrayed me! Anakin Force pushes Obi-Wan backwards on the window sill. Obi-Wan drops his lightsaber out the open window. As Obi- Wan stares at Anakin in shock, Palpatine springs to life.", "(re:": "We\u2019re taking an awful risk lugging himaround.", "ANAKIN:": "(firmly; irritated) The burden is all mine, and I don\u2019t want to hear to any more talk of it. The elevator starts moving. Me? A Master? I\u2019m overwhelmed, sir, but the Council elects its own members. Theywill never accept this. At last, we'll be able to capture thatcoward and end this war.", "INT. HANGAR": "The Jedi are now back where they began. Both of their starfighters still intact.", "YODA :": "A job well done, Master Kenobi. It is the Chancellor that mistrust breeds. Strange that the name he would know. Ponder this more, we will. Savor this temporary victory, we must. 30. Allow this appointment lightly, theCouncil does not. Disturbing is thismove by the Chancellor. Hiding in the Outer Rim, Grievous is. Theoutlying systems, you must sweep. Master Kenobi, our spies contact, youmust, and then wait. Go, I will. Good relations with the Wookiees, I have. Too much under the sway of theChancellor, he is. Much anger there isin him. Too much pride in his powers. A prophecy that misread, could have been. 43. I hope right you are. May the Force bewith you. The Gunship lands and Yoda exits the lowered ramp. Mace and Obi-Wan stand and give him a brief bow then takeoff in the Gunship. Act on this, we must. The capture ofGeneral Grievous will end this war. Quickly and decisively we should proceed. 48. A Master is needed, one with more experience. Obi-Wan, my choice is. I agree. 49. All the Then now the time is, Commander. To a dark place this line of thought will carry us. Hmmmmm... great care we must take. Then appoint you I do to shadow bothAnakin and the Chancellor. Feel a sudden disturbance, I do. At the Chancellor\u2019s office. In grave trouble, Master Windu is. No longer his Force energy do I feel. Spread thin are our numbers, Obi-Wan. Lifted now is the Dark Side\u2019s veil. Safe to leave now, it is. Tarfful climbs onto the Not far, are we, from the emergency ship. Quickly... The Wookies follow on the Master Kenobi, dark times are these. Good to see you, it is. With the help of the Wookiees, barely escape, I did. Heard from no one, have we. Darth Sidious, you mean. Our failure, this is not. Chose his own path, did he. Tempted by the Dark Side has he alwaysbeen. Promised him unlimited power, Darth Sidious has. 103. I agree. In a dark place we findourselves. More knowledge, do we need. Right you are. Branded traitors, all allies of the Order will be. Nothing more for us here, there is. Rebuild one day, we will. Strange, this is. Hiding something, she is. Knows where Anakin is, she does. Lying, she is. 112. Precisely the reason forbidden attachmentis for a Jedi. I hear a new apprentice, you have, DarthSidious. Surprised, are you? Not if anything I have to say about it. Yoda uses the Force to throw Sidious back, knocking himclear over his desk and onto the floor in a heap. At an end your rule is and not shortenough it was. Darth Sidious flies through the air, cape flapping, heading toward the exit. At the last second, Yoda flies into the exit and stopsthe Dark Lord. If so powerful you are, why leave? Yoda ignites his lightsaber. Faith in your new apprentice, misplacedmay be, as is your faith in the dark sideof the Force. Their lightsabers Destroy you I will. Yoda jumps to a lower Senate Pod. Darth Sidious reaches out with one hand, and a Senate podis released from its mooring and heads toward the Podium. Sidious uses the Force to hurl pod after pod at Yoda, whoducks and jumps Page 110/124 Into exile I must go. Failed, I have. Yoda and Bail fly into the traffic of the city. Failed to stop the Sith Lord, I have. Still much to learn, there is... Eternal consciousness. To become one with the Force, and influence still have... a power greaterthan all, it is. A great Jedi Master, you have become, Qui- Gon Jinn. Your apprentice I gratefullybecome. Yoda thinks about this for a minute, then Bail Organaenters the room and breaks his meditation. Save them, we must. They are our lasthope. The Medical Droid rushes back to the operating room. Artoo and Threepio watch, greatly puzzled. Artoo Pregnant, she must still appear. Hidden, safe, the children must be kept. Split up, they should be. Strong the Force runs, in the Skywalkerline. Hope, we can... done, it is. Until the time is right, disappear wewill. Bail leaves the conference room. Yoda stops Obi-Wan. Master Kenobi, wait a moment. In yoursolitude on Tatooine, training I have for you. An old friend has learned the path toimmortality. One who has returned from the netherworld of the Force to train me... your oldMaster, Qui-Gon Jinn. The secret of the Ancient Order of the Whills, he studied. How to commune with him. Teach you, I will. How to join the Force, he will train you. Your consciousness you will retain, whenone with the Force. Even your physicalself, perhaps.", "PADME :": "(softly) Anakin. Anakin looks down at her pregnant belly. Eight. I\u2019m so excited. Padme stares at Anakin strangely. Another scar. She refers to the light vertical scar on the right sideof Anakin\u2019s face. How much longer is this senseless wargoing to drag on? Once our child is born you can\u2019t travelall over the galaxy, Anakin. I need youhere with me. 31. Don\u2019t forget, you\u2019re not even supposed tobe in love with me, much less be myhusband. Anakin strokes her long wavy hair. Once this child is born, every thing willchange, Anakin. Are you ready? Do you think he will dismantle theSenate? I can't believe it has come to this! Chancellor Palpatine is one of my oldestadvisors. He served as my Ambassadorwhen I was Queen. Say no more, Senator Organa. I understand. At this point, it's betterto leave some things unsaid. (thinking) Agreed. We cannot let this situation turn into yet another war. I know a Jedi I feel it would be wise to consult. I only wish to discuss this with one... one I trust. In truth, the Jedi aren't any happierwith the situation than we are... May I take it then, that there will be nofurther amendments to the Constitution? You are pursuing a diplomatic solution tothe war, then. On behalf of the \"delegation of twothousand,\" I thank you, Chancellor. Anakin, I\u2019m so tired of meeting likethis. How are we supposed to carry on likethis? Meeting in alleyways and tunnelsfor the rest of our lives? What do we do when our child is born. Why don\u2019t you leave the Order. It\u2019s the only way. Because of their rules, their dogmas, we can\u2019t betogether, Anakin. For us, yes, not just for me. Eventuallythey\u2019re going to learn the truth. Anakin and Padme walk out onto the open section of thelanding platform. No, no you can\u2019t, Ani. Not even yourpowers are that strong. Anakin, what are you doing? Anakin! Anakin rushes over to console Padme. At first, she tries to break free from his grasp. (sobbing) Let go of me! What are we going to do now? I was worried about you. I heard news that there was fighting at the Temple. She notices the gash on his shoulder. You\u2019ve been injured. (shocked) I can\u2019t believe it. Then what does this mean for the Republic, for you? And Obi-Wan? What happened to him? This is all so much to take in. (upset) Master Kenobi was your best friend, ourfriend. How soon will you be able to join me? Then it\u2019s settled. They kiss. What are you If you\u2019re no longer a Jedi? The Chancellor has been elaborating on aplot by the Jedi, to overthrow theSenate. He's been presenting evidence allafternoon. Well, this is the moment we discover if he intends to return the Republic to ademocracy. There will be another time, Bail. The Dark Side?  I don\u2019t even know. He said he was goingto handle some business for the Chancellor. I\u2019m not sure... I don\u2019t see him all the... A couple of days ago. No, nothing. He was just happy to havehis new position. Yoda sits quietly, studying Padme\u2019s every word and nuance. Threepio, have the crew prepare my ship for immediate departure. Page 101/124 Oh, Anakin! I was scared, I didn\u2019t know what to do. Obi-Wan came to see me, with Master Yoda and Senator Organa. Yes. They were trying get informationfrom me, about you. Nothing. But they know that we\u2019remarried. 116. So, what do we do now? (pleading) Anakin, stop! Things don\u2019t have to endthis way. No more fighting, please! Padme tries to hold her husband back as moves towards his foe. Obi-Wan? Where\u2019s Anakin? Is he all right? Obi-Wan looks at her sadly and does not answer. He brushes her hair back. I\u2019ll call him Luke... Padme can only offer up a faint smile. She struggles totouch the baby on the forehead. Leia. (struggling) Thank you, Obi-Wan. Take care... of them. I beg you. I can\u2019t... believe... what\u2019s happened. Obi-Wan... there is good in him. I know there is... still... A last gasp, and she dies. Obi-Wan studies the necklace.", "GENERAL GRIEVOUS:": "But the loss of Count Dooku?", "KI-ADI-MUNDI": "...and replace the Congress with Senatorswho are not filled with greed andcorruption. 61.", "(MORE)": "40. 44. 72. 115.", "PALPATINE (CONT'D)": "You are the best choice by far, but, theycan't always be trusted to do the rightthing.", "KOON.": "", "MACE WINDU:": "(a little peeved) The Council will make up its own mind whois to go, not the Chancellor.", "DROID ARMY.": " The General accelerates off the edge, drives straighttowards Obi-Wan.", "BODYGUARD :": "What was his name?", "PASSEL ARGENTE.": "Obi-Wan hides above the assembly and watches intently.", "FIVE SENATORS.": "", "ANAKIN (CONT'D)": "He has killed General Grievous. I should be there fighting with him.", "EXT. PLATFORM": "Obi-Wan lies on his back, exhausted and confused, the heavy wind gusts swirling around him.", "AAYLA :": "Steady... steady... They all look around for signs of the enemy. Bly, do you think they're Droids? Bly blasts Aayla in the back. The", "NIGHT:": "Darth Sidious and Darth Vader enter the Sith Lord\u2019s secret hideout directly beneath the Senate House. They enter a small chamber where a", "SECOND LEVEL:": "It\u2019s an absolute massacre! The Clone Troopers enter various rooms, FIRINGindiscriminately as they go. Several Clones blast open a door with explosives toreveal a dozen or more defenseless", "DARTH VADER:": "(grinning) Misguided fool, there is only the Dark Side of the Force! Vader initiates another brutal attack of swift but powerful blows. Drellig\u2019s ability to deflect and parry becomes less andless with every (snickering) It doesn\u2019t even matter now. Things aregoing to be completely different for us. Padme hugs him tightly. Padme! Padme is unconscious now, lying on the platform. Obi-Wan makes the first move, charges Vader while he\u2019s distracted. They begin a ferocious sword fight. Vader throws", "JEDI ARCHIVES:": "Clone Troopers move throughout the enormous chamber, searching for survivors. The Clone Troopers continue their search for the Jedi. Jedi archivist Jocasta Nu is nearly to safety when she\u2019s spotted by aClone. Obi-Wan navigates through the burning library towards therecords room. Thousands of years worth of artifacts and data are up inflames! Obi-Wan activates the homing beacon. A Hologram of BailOrgana appears.", "EXT. CITYSCAPE": "Bail struggles to pull himself into the Speeder as itraces along through the cityscape. Finally, he climbsin, just as the Speeder is about to hit a building. He steers clear of the building and races away. 93.", "MAIN FLOOR:": "The battle rages on between Darth Vader, Sha Koon andShaak Ti. Incredible lightsaber skills are on display bythe three Masters.", "PLATFORM:": "The platform rises to the surface of the Office Building. The", "CAPTAIN ANTILLES": "Yes, Your Highness.", "BAIL ORGANA:": "(holo) Is it ever good to hear your voice, General. Thank goodness you\u2019re alive. That's not true! (beat) I\u2019m afraid our alliance is limited to the three persons present at this table. Bel Iblis belts out a hearty", "GUARD :": "Welcome back, Senator. May I see yourclearance? Thank you, you may proceed. We will take custody of the Jedi. Obi-Wan utilizes the Jedi mind trick. It would be better if they stayed with you. Bail nods to Obi-Wan, then he and his Aides enter the Senate Building. Yoda and Obi-Wan head for the Jedi Temple.", "NUTE GUNRAY:": "(terrified; pleading) The war is over. Lord Sidious promisedus peace... we only want... Gunray is cut down in mid-sentence by the red lightsaber.", "PADME\u2019S ROOM": "Padme\u2019s ear is against the door.", "GREEN STARFIGHTER.": "Vader runs up to the", "DARTH SIDIOUS:": "(to Mas Amedda) Tell Captain Kagi to prepare my shuttle for immediate takeoff."}, "starwars_thephantomenace.php": {"QUI-GON :": "The Captain turns to an unseen figure sitting behind her.   concentration here and now where it belongs. be short.    warn the Naboo and contact Chancellor Valorum. Let's split up. Stow aboard separate ships and meet down on the planet.  get outta here!   His head pops up.  lesson I hope you've learned, my young Padawan.     heading this way... Page 11/105  them.   The  core. This Gungan my be of help.  not be too severe. have saved Jar Jar Binks' life. He owes me what you call a \"life.debt.\" Page 14/105   Instead of full ahead,        Chancellor. make contact with the republic.  the circumstances, Isuggest you come to Coruscant with us.  something else behind all this, Your Highness. There is no logic in the Federation's move here. My feelings tell me they will destroy you.  those people to Coruscant. ship.  controlled by the Federation...except the Hutts aren't looking for her, which gives us an advantage. Tatooine. It is a system far beyond the reach of the Trade Federation. There we will be able to make needed repairs, then travel on to Coruscant.  attention. disturbance in the Force. spaceport is not going to be pleasant... Stay close to me. He gives They head for a little junk shop that has a huge pile of broken spaceships stacked up behind it.  A disheveled boy,   will do fine.  on board?  trouble. Thank you, my young friend.  out a little beep.  discovered a secret.   dangerous.        mustn't let anyone know about us...we're on our way to Coruscant, the central system in the Republic, on a very important mission, and it must be kept secret. properly.   ever built.\" you front the cash for the entry. If we win, you keep all the winnings, minus the cost of the parts I need...If we lose, you keep my ship.  anywhere, and there is something about this boy... thought of reward.  appears to have such quick reflexes. It is a Jedi trait. Who was his father? have identified him early, and he would have become Jedi, no doubt...he has the way. But it's too late for him now, he's too old.            The the suns set, and we'll be far away from here.   his mother.       concentrate on the moment. Feel. Don't think. Trust your instincts. (he smiles) May the Force be with you.  too. Bring the parts to the main hanger. I'll come by your shop later so you can release the boy. they can settle this. back to the ship. The  going back...some unfinished business. I won't be long. On a hill far overlooking the Naboo spacecraft, the   tolerate his opinion, fighting won't change it.    gambling. accident. You are strong with the Force, but you may not be accepted by the Coucil. challenge. And if you succeed, it will be a hard life. take it is yours alone.  have it. right? before. Come on.    My guess is he was after the Queen... no doubt he knows our destination.  last laugh. The stars streak outside the cockpit window. The situation has become more complicated. Page 69/105  vergence in the Force. midi-chlorians I have seen in a life form. It is possible he was conceived by the midi-chlorians.  The that. There is too much happening here...    The   learner.  Force, but he is capabe. There is little more he will learn from me. nowhere else to go.  decide Anakin's future...that should be enough for you. Now get on board! want you to watch me and be mindful...always remember, your focus determines your reality. Stay close to me and you will be safe. within all living cells and communicates with the Force.  the midi-chlorians, life could not exist, and we would have no knowledge of the Force. They continually speak to you, telling you the will of the Force. speaking to you. Page 82/105 Two taxis pull up, and serve and protect you.  this. you.  our power to help her. Iam, Obi-Wan. I foresee you will become a great Jedi Knight.  will be killed. Page 89/105 weapons on your fighters may not penetrate the shields on the control ship. and stay there.  They start to head for the exit, on the way passing the fighter where  They head for the exit. As they are about to go through the door, suddenly everyone scatters, revealing The  him!", "CAPTAIN :": " The the Ambassodors for the Supreme Chancellor wish to board immediately.", "NUTE :": "perfectly legal, and we'd be happy to recieve the Ambassador...Happy to. The screen goes black. Out the cockpit window, the sinister battleship looms ever closer.  The hologram fades off, as a bridge.  The huge, very thick blast door slams shut, followed by a second door, then a third. There is a hissing sound as the huge doors seal shut.  Federation is pleased.  vote.  approval of the Senate. You assume too much. communications down there.     report.  legitimize our occupation here. I've been assured it will be ratified by the Senate. have in store for your people. In time, their suffering will persuade you to see Page 19/105 any other settlements... blockade. range.  them. Queen is lost, your people are starving, and you, Governor, are going to die, much sooner than your people, I'm afraid. Take him away!  primitive life forms. We are in complete control of the planet now. starship in the swamp....It won't be long, My Lord. assembling near the swamp. It appears to be made up of primitives. We do not expect much resistance. here...this is too close! for you to sign the treaty...and end this pointless debate in the Senate.   before hundreds of destroyer droids break in to rescue us.", "OBI-WAN :": " somethging...elsewhere...elusive. with the chancellor's demands? stage. The   were short.    little pieces, then blast us into oblivion!  come here and take control of you. noe of you will affect the other. You must understand this.   along with us?...Here, take over.  As the little sub glides into the planet core, a large dark shape begins to follow. Page 15/105   The lights flicker on, revealing an ugly The    captured pilots.  poor... The Trade Federation has no presence there.    maybe. Not enough for you to barter with. Not in the ammounts you're talking about.  kind.       the reading's off the chart...over twenty thousand. high!  form...?  know it. He is far too old.  would just follow the code. They will not go along with you this time.      QUI-GON's thoughts are elsewhere. place to disagree with you about the boy. I am grateful you think I am ready for the trials.  Your Highness, he will return with another droid army.   Without the approval of the Council if I must.  To one side,", "DOFINE :": "me, we're done for! The bridge explodes.", "RUNE :": " The doors to the bridge  On the door, chunks of molten metal begin to drop away.  droids.   onto one of your landing craft. the Jedi become aware of these Sith Lords?  ", "AMIDALA :": "Viceroy...Your trade boycott of our planet has ended. blockade of yours. Chancellor's Ambassadors are with you now, and that you have beencommanded to reach a settlement. time. The  not dare go that far.   people.  Be careful, Governor. Page 21/105 The loyal...Padme! our gratitude...(to Panaka) Continue, Captain.    way?    you.  motion to a vote? delegates, and Your Honor Supreme Chancellor Valorum, I come to you under the gravest of circumstances. The Naboo system has been invaded by force. Invaded...against all the laws of the Republic by the Droid Armies of the Trade... resolve this attack on our sovereignty now. I was not elected to watch my people suffer and die while you discuss this invasion in a committee. If this body is not capable of action, I suggest new leadership is needed. I move for a \"vote of no confidence\"...in Chancellor Valorum's leadership.     Senator, there will be nothing left of our cities, our people, our way of life... do here...Senator, this is your arena. I feel I must return to mine. I have decided to go back to Naboo. My place is with my people. different from that of our people. Captain!  invasion. It is clear to me now that the Republic no longer functions as a democracy. If you win the election, Senator, I know you will do everything possible to stop the Federation. I pray you will bring sanity and compassion back to the Senate. Page 79/105 Federation means to destroy me.    peace. Suddenly, good to see you again.", "PALPATINE :": "Chancellor...his Ambassaodrs did arrive. It must be the...get...negotiate... The hologram of present Supreme Chancellor Valorum. we can overcome it... full of greedy, squabbling delegates who are only looking out for themselves and their home sytems. There is no interest in the common good...no civility, only politics...its disgusting. I must be frank, Your Majesty, there is little chance the Senate will act on the invasion. real power...he is mired down by baseless accusations of corruption. A manufactured scandal surrounds him. The bureaucrats are in charge now. stronger Supreme Chancellor. One who will take control of the bureaucrats, enforces the laws, and give us justice. You could call for a vote of no confidence in Chancellor Valorum. the courts... have to accept Federation control for the time being. Majesty, Ibeg of you to ask for a resolution to end this congressional session. promise you there are many who will support us...it is our best chance... Your Majesty, our only, chance. has occured on our peaceful system of Naboo. We have become caugt in a dispute you're all well aware of, which began right here with the taxation of trade routes, and has now engulfed our entire planet in the oppresion of the Trade Federation. A second box rushes into the center of the Senate. It is filled with recently elected ruler of Naboo, to speak on our behalf. and on the payroll of the Trade Federation, I might add. This is where Chancellor Valorum's strength will dissapear. will be voted out, I assure you, and they will elect in a new Chancellor, a strong Chancellor, one who will not let our tragedy continue... Your Majesty, if I am elected, I will bring democracy back to the Republic. I Page 78/105 sympaphy vote for us... I will be Chancellor, I promise you. the Federation has possession of our planet. The law is in their favor. in danger. They will force you to sign the treaty. people, Your Majesty. It is you who should be congratulated. Together we shall bring peace and prosperity to the Republic.", "BIBBLE :": " Invasion. atre the Chancellors Ambassadors? How can we negotiate? We must prepare to defend ourselves.    Senate to side with us... Senator Palpatine will need your help. will have to retain the Council of Governors in order to maintain control. But you must leave... The toll is catastrophic...we must bow to their wishes, Your Highness...Please tell us what to do! If you can hear us, Your Highness, you must contact me... people have decided... They will not live under your tyranny.", "OBI-WAN.": " ", "BIBBLE,": "and", "PADME :": "        a strange world to me.        Republic's anti-slavery laws... repair it.  will find another way... hardly know. The Queen will not approve.   in and clean up. We have to leave soon. arena.         Space is cold. She must convince the Senate to intervene, or...I'm not sure what will happen. things will change when we reach the capital, Annie. My caring for you will always remain.    difficuld decision of her life. She doesn't believe in fighting, Annie. We are a peaceful people...  circumstances it has become necessary to protect myself. Although we do not always agree, Your Honor, our two great societies have always lived in peace...until now. The Trade Federation has destroyed all that we have worked so hard to build. You are in hiding, my people are in camps. If we do not act quickly, all will be lost forever...I ask you to help us...no, I beg you to help us. hands. Slowly,  Army away from the cities. We can enter the city using the secret passages on the waterfall side. Once we get to the main entrance, Captain Pnaka will create a diversion, so that we can enter the palace and capture the Viceroy. Without the Viceroy, they will be lost and confused.  will send what pilots we have to knock out the Droid control ship which is orbiting the planet. If we can get past their rayshields, we can sever communication and their droids will be helpless. Everything depends on it. The She looks to    and explain all this.", "SIDIOUS.": "", "WATTO :": " junk? (subtitled) Peedenkel! Naba dee unko (Boy, get in here! Now!)  the store) Me dwana no bata. (I've got some selling to do here.) (to Gui-Gon) Soooo, let me take- a thee out back. Ni you'll find what you need. Page 28/105 I'm the only one hereabouts who has one...but thee might as well buy a new ship. It would be cheaper, I think...Sying of which, how's thee going to pay for all this? need something more real... hand again. waving your hand around like that? I'm a Toydarian. Mind tricks don'ta work on me-only money. No money, no parts! No deal! And no one else has a nolia. (Outlanders! They think because we live so far from the center, we don't know nothing.) (subtitled) Fweepa niaga. Tolpa da bunky dunko. (Clean the racks, then you can go home.)   afford parts. How can you do this? Not on Republic credits, I think. (he laughs)  last race. It will take some time to fix it.  you supply the Pod and the entry fee; I supply the boy. We split the winnings fifty-fifty, I think. friend is a follish one, methinks.)  funny business. credit to your race, but Sebulba there is going to win, I think.   one...the mother, maybe...the boy isn't for sale. or nothing.  chobodd. (Better stop your friends betting, or I'll end up owning him, too.) Somehow you knew it! I lost everything.  The", "ANAKIN :": "like you...)  They live on the Moons of Iego I thimk. They are the most beautiful creatures in the universe. They are good and kind, and so pretty they make even the most hardened spice pirate cry.  sold to Gardulla the Hutt, but she lost us, betting on the Podraces, to Watto, who's a lot better master than Gardulla, I think.        (Careful, Sebulba...This one's very connected.) rodda co pana pee choppa chawa. (As in Hutt...big time outlander, this one... I'd hate to see you diced before we race again.) pity if you had to pay for me.) orange goo. He picked a fight with a Dug. An especially dangerous Dug called Sebulba. fear by squashing you...be less afraid.   searching for. It's pretty beat up, but I'll have it fixed up for you in no time, I promise. these... I'm not hungry. The wind picks up.  very, very dangerous. Come with me. Hurry! The  don't know any of your names.  The wind   Watch! a Podracer! no luck.    he's never heard of a human doing it.   weapon.    race tomorrow, on Boonta Eve. You could enter my pod. It's all but finished... make him think it's your's, and you could get him to let me pilot it for you. trouble. The prize money would more than pay for the parts they need. problem in the universe is no one helps each other... The storm continues to rage outside the slave hovel.  with his vent ports. I actually saved the Pod...mostly. tomorrow!  hours.  Yes, sir!!      battle. Qui-Gon?    She leaves as  it, slime-ball.) In the background,     prize, or what? your starship and everything?! go, Mom?!   aren't you, Mom    starship... coverings and all... I'm going to miss working on you. You've been a great pal. I'll make sure Mom doesn't sell you or anything. Bye.      Mom...I promise.  unit with this... Otherwise I'll worry about you. She gives him a hug.       I'll ever see you again.. (he pulls something from his pocket) I made this for you. Sou you'd remember me. I carved it out of a japor snippet... It will bring you good fortune.   The  The say goodbye. The         midi-chlorians?        Jedi. I'm too old.      over. Let's see... one.... The always on the right. down. The fighter rockets out of the hanger.   The  rewire it or something. is taking us. ANAKIN's fighter flies toward the Federation Battleship. He looks forward to see enemy ships approaching head on.   and that's what I'm gonna do. Now c'mon! An enemy fighter comes into his sights. Now the enemy ship is on his tail. He tries evasive maneauvers.  this mess is the way we got into it.  The enemy ship fires and hits ANAKIN's fighter, sending it into a spin. ANAKIN's ship dodges parked transport ships and other obstacles. A huge bulkhead blocks his way.    He looks at the dashboard to see red lights. The He flips the switch and the engine starts.   He presses a button and launches two torpedos which miss the ANAKIN's ship roars through the hanger deck, bouncing over the   ", "VENDOR :": "", "SEBULBA :": ": (subtitled) Ni chuba na?? (Is this yours??) (Connected?? Whada you mean, slave?) Page 32/105 klounkee(Next time we race, wermo, it will be the end of you!) Una noto wo shag, me wompity du pom pom. (If you weren't a slave, I'd squash you right now.) 9You won't walk away from this one, slave scum! You're Bantha poodoo.)", ":": "(subtitled) Ni chuba na?? (Is this yours??)", "JIRA :": "  You'd better get home quick.  galaxy. You be careful...", "SHMI :": "  I'll never get used to Anakin's surprises.  somewhere.  own. An awkward silence. awful races.  time Watto makes you do it. it, but he can help you...he was meant to help you.    him birth...I can't explain what happened. Can you help him?      to let go...to let go of me. I cannot go with you. from setting. Listen to your feelings; Annie, you know what's right.    chase the Banthas away so they wouldn't be shot... Remember how you collapses several times, exhausted thinking you couldn't do it? something you don't think you can do. I know how strong you are, Annie. I know you can do this...  brave, and don't look back... don't look back.", "THREEPIO :": "How might I serve you?  embarrassing!  dreadful starships!  Although I'd like it better if I were a little less naked.", "ARTOO BEEPS:": "", "GUI-GON :": "Republic who might be able to help us?", "ANKAIN :": "", "KITSTER :": "   time, Annie.  You're a hero.  friend.", "WALD :": "Annie.) Farther down the street", "AMEE :": "to run.", "SEEK :": "gonna be bug squash.", "FODE/BEED :": "  A : our glorious host, Jabba the Hutt has entered the arena.) The crowd A : activated) B : B : The earth-pounding A : B : B : with the leaders today. Page 53/105 B : dune turn. B ; There goes Quadinaros' power couplings. A : time.) B : in... A : A : for some attention.) B : closely followed by Skywalker... B : A : On a tight corner, B : A : B : A : B : A : As they head for the final stretch, B : in tandem with partner)", "A:": "tah oos azalus ooval Poddraces. (We have perfect weather today for the Boonta classic. The most hazardous of all Podraces.) B : of the Outer Rim territories. I see the contestants are making their way out onto", "B :": "of the Outer Rim territories. I see the contestants are making their way out onto the starting grid. A : Ord Pedrovia.) B : A : Splastyleeya A : Splastyleeya bookie ookie!! (On the front line the reigning champion, Sebulba from Pixelito. By far the favorite today.) B : A :   The earth-pounding  with the leaders today. Page 53/105 dune turn. in... A : closely followed by Skywalker... A : On a tight corner, move! A : A : B : A : As they head for the final stretch, A : As they head for the final stretch, in tandem with partner)", "A :": "Ord Pedrovia.) B : A : Splastyleeya bookie ookie!! (On the front line the reigning champion, Sebulba from Splastyleeya bookie ookie!! (On the front line the reigning champion, Sebulba from Pixelito. By far the favorite today.) B : A : Page 50/105 our glorious host, Jabba the Hutt has entered the arena.) The crowd activated) B : B : time.)  for some attention.) On a tight corner,  B : A : As they head for the final stretch, As they head for the final stretch,", "JABBA :": "hodrudda du wundee. (Welcome!) Sebulba tuta Pixelito... Anakin SKywalker tuta Tatoonine.... The begin!) The", "FANTA :": "Lap two.", "ODY :": "", "GREEDO :": "", "QUI-GON.": " ", "PILOT :": "", "VALORUM :": "in person. I must relay to you how distressed everyone is over the currant situation. I've called for a special session of the Senate to hear your position. of Naboo. The Naboo congressional box floats into the center. Federation at this time. Please return to your station.   Queen Amidala of the Naboo, will you defer your motion to allow a commission to explore the validity of your accusations? have betrayed me! How could you do this?", "KI-ADI :": "    ", "YODA :": " we must.           anger... anger leads to hate.. hate leads to suffering. mind. I sense much fear in you.    second. he has...     agree on you taking this boy as your Padawan learner, I do not. Agree, the council does. Your apprentice, young Skywalker will be. apprentice.", "GUARD :": "", "RABE :": "The doors open, and The Queen speaks out in the next room. The", "PALAPATINE :": "", "ASSEMBLY :": "", "COUNCIL.": "", "PANAKA :": "", "FOUR:": "", "GUARDS:": "and", "SWAMP LAKE": "-", "WARRIORS.": "", "CAPTAIN PANAKA.": "", "ANAKNI :": "", "BATTLE DROIDS.": "", "ANAKN :": "", "DARTH MAUL.": "The", "DESTROYER DROIDS.": "", "SABE :": "lost!", "PADME.": "", "NEIMOIDIANS.": ""}, "superman.php": {"FADE IN:": "", ":": "", "JOR-EL": "Very nearly. It's the only answer Lara. If he remains here he as will die as surely as. . . (she looks) we will. He will need that advantage to survive. Their atmosphere will sustain him ... He will look like one of them. His dense molecular structure will make him strong ... Fast. Virtually invulnerable ... He will not be alone.  He will never... be alone. (sad whisper) You will travel far, my little Kal-El. But I will never leave you. Even in the face of my death the richness of my life shall be yours. All that I have learned, everything I feel, all of this and more I have My son, you do not remember me. I am Jor-El. I am ... your father. By now you will have reached your eighteenth year of time as it is measured on earth. By that same reckoning I will have been dead for many thousands of your years. The knowledge that I have of, matters physical Your name is Kal-El. You are the only survivor of the planet Krypton. Even though you have been raised as a human being, you are not one of them. You have great powers, only some of which you have, as yet, discovered ... Your mother, Lara, has sent along three Blankets of red, yellow, and blue. United in United in a single garment, their (last sentence missing from script) You are superior to others. You can only become inferior by setting yourself above them. Lead by inspiration. Let your actions and ideals become a touchstone against which mankind may learn how to serve the common good.  While it is forbidden The virtuous spirit has no need for thanks or approval. Only the certain conviction that what has been done is right. Develop such conviction in yourself, Kal-El. The human heart on your planet is still subject to small jealousies, lies, and monstrous deceptions. Resist these Your education nears a kind of completion now, Kal-El, although no limit to understanding or knowledge has ever truly existed. Over the years you have asked important questions and I think together we have almost always found the answer to them. Live as one of them, Kal-El, to discover where your strength and power are needed - but always hold in your heart the pride of your special heritage. Your being is both separate and your own ,but I have caused your earthly presence and must You...enjoyed it. I anticipated this, my son. (gently) How good it felt! You are revealed to the world. Very well. So be it. But still you must keep your secret identity. The reasons are Or twenty-four as it is in Earth time. Your help would be called for endlessly, even for those tasks which human beings could solve for themselves. It is their habit to abuse their resources in such a way.  Lastly- do not punish yourself for your feelings of vanity. Simply learn to control them. It is an affliction common to all, even here on Krypton... (expression changes) Page 57/113", "JOR-EL'S VOICE": "On this mindless aberration whose only means of expression are wanton violence and destruction.... On the woman, And finally on General Zod - Once trusted by this Council, charged with maintaining the defenses of the planet Krypton itself - the chief architect of this intended revolution, the author of this insidious plot to establish a new order among", "FIRST ELDER:": "Guilty. The An unpleasant duty has been masterfully performed, Jor-El. They have received the fate they deserved - isolation in the Phantom Zone - an eternal living death. Jor-El, be warned. The Council has already evaluated this... outlandish theory of yours. You are one of Krypton' s greatest scientists, Jor-El ... (snaps firmly) This discussion is terminated! The decision of the council is final. (pause - to (with reluctance) You. . . would be banished to endless imprisonment in the Phantom Zone - the eternal void which you yourself discovered. Deadly silence.  The (pause) He knew the penalty he faced. Even as a member of this Council. The law will be upheld.", "SECOND ELDER:": "Guilty. The But so is Vond-Ah. Jor-El, be reasonable...", "ZOD:": "(cold stare) The vote must be unanimous, Jor-El. It has therefore now become your decision. You alone will condemn us if you wish. And you alone will be held responsible by me. One day you will bow down before me, Jor-El I swear it! No matter that it takes an eternity! You will bow down before me... The gray mass of the Phantom Zone has entered through the open dome, closes down on the ...Both you, and then one day, your heirs! Page 5/113 Free!", "distance:": "a slate-gray atmospheric eminence ", "JOR EL:": "", "VOND- AH": "(rising) Thank you .. (to I tell you Krypton is simply shifting its orbit!", "VOND-AH": "It's your conclusions I find unsupportable.", "LARA:": "Have you ... .finished? He win defy their gravity ... But he won't be one of them. Isolated. Alone ...", "MILITARY OFFICER": "The energy input to Jor-El's quarters is now in excess. Our Data indicates the loss is due to a mis-use of energy. The", "COMPUTER:": "  ", "(JOR-EL'S VOICE)": "Early concepts of matter appear in ancient Creek philosophy. In the fifth century Demoocritus defined a small unit as an atom, then thought to be indivisible...", "NOTE:": "resistance gradually transforms its shape into a jewel-like geode form, burnished hot by the pressure.", "JONATHAN :": "What in the... 42 Great God Almighty! What is it?", "JONATHAN:": "(muttering) If a man didn't know better, he'd think Detroit made those things to blowout on purpose. Page 13/113 What in the Sam Hill He looks inside the module, leans over, touches the capsule burning his hand. Well - better change that tire if we're gonna get hone and see about contactin' that boy's proper kin. (looks - alarmed) Martha, there is something downright strange about that boy. Where he come from, what he just did back there. Now surely you don't mean to... But folks'll ask questions . . . Well... (sigh) Maybe we could give it a try for the time bein'. I'd better hitch the rig and come back to Get that ... that thing he was settin' in. What do you make of that thing? Martha'? Martha Kent, Who?- Clark? I never cared two hoots for that fella. 53 (total understanding) You got all these amazin' things you can do and sometimes you think you'll go bust if you don't let other people know .. 68 Look, son. You've been nothin' but a blessing to your mother and me. In the beginning - when you first came -we thought they'd take you away from us if people found out about. . . the things you could do. But a man thinks different as he gets older, 'thinks... better. Wiser. Starts to see things clear.  And I Now why don't you see if you can finish up your chores before I finish up all that apple pie I smell comin' from your mother's kitchen window....", "MARTHA:": "Jonathan! Careful, Jonathan. Jonathan! The little (stunned) It's a ... baby. (defensively) He hasn't got any - not for sure. Not around here anyways. You saw that magic contraption he came in, same as me. You take things easy now, Jonathan. You mind what Doc Frye said about that heart of' yours... (firmly) No one must ever know. We'll say he's child to my cousin in North Dakota, and just now orphaned.  Jonathan, he's a baby... (cuddles baby) Poor thing. I was thinkin' what to call him. I was thinkin' I had an uncle who was a fine man, you recall him? The church sexton? Jonathan! Clark? Are you going to sleep all day? I've got.... She stops, has noticed something out the kitchen window.  He's a good man, Ben is.  Your father always said so. I made you... (fighting back tears) ...some sandwiches. Do you ... know where you're headed? Remember us. Always remember us. Unable to restrain themselves any longer, they reach out, collapse into a tight hug.", "Suddenly:": "still fastened inside, cushioned by the three blankets.", "JONATH.AN": "I did. But I ain't gettin' hauled off to no booby hatch by tellin' other people I did - and neither is you.", "CLARK:": "You don't have to bother with those, Susie. I'll take them in for you with the other equipment. Well ... ah ... ah ... it's sort of my job as team manager, anyway, and... Well, gee... I'd...why, yes, Susie, I'd like that very... (innocent- turning) What do you mean? I've stacked all the... I'm ... sorry, Susie. I guess I'd better clean it up. The (deadpan) I ran. I don't mean...to show off, Dad. It's just that... (misty-eyed frustration) I could score a touchdown every time I had the ball. Every time, Dad. Is it showing off for a person to do what he's capable of? Is a bird Showing off when it flies? Page 20/113 I'll bring in the crop before I leave.  North. (nice smile) I'm okay, thanks. It was nice of you to stop, though. The Sorry. It's my fault. I shouldn't have crossed against the light. The (nicely) Of course you didn't, Lois. Why would anyone want a total stranger look like a fool? I'm sure I can learn a lot from you, Lois ... (turns) Oh, Mister White, could you arrange for half my salary to be sent on a weekly basis to this address? My what? Not really, no. (checking his watch) Frankly the hours were somewhat longer than I expected, Lois, but then... meeting you and Jimmy and Mr. White - on the whole I think it's swell. Really? It just sort of comes naturally to me. As they pass an alleyway a Listen, mister. I realize times are tough for some these days, but .... (total sincerity) This isn't the answer. You can't solve society's problems with a gun. The That's the spirit. Don't shoot! Don't shoot! : Wow ... I guess I must have fainted or something ... Really, Lois. Supposing that man had shot you? Is it worth risking your life over ten dollars, two credit cards, a hairbrush, and a lipstick? I mean... (pause- smile) Wild guess. Taxi! Thanks , Mr. White . Would you, ah...be interested in a little dinner tonight? Oh. No. I'm just thinking that you smoke too much, if you don't mind my saying so. (she stares) Lois, you should see what the inside of your lungs look like. Going Down? Sorry, I didn't notice the light. : The Oh sure. A man flies in the sky like a pigeon and it wasn't a trick. It was probably done with wires. They must have rigged him up like Peter Pan. Mirrors, then. I don't know, Lois, but I do know a fraud when I hear one. This thing goes against all natural laws. Jealous! Of what? (musing) Super...man. Hmmm... No thanks. (pause) Well, I shouldn't think he'd lend himself to any cheap promotion schemes....  Our date. (Shy smile) Page 69/113 Gee. I planned on it all week... You're wonderful, Lois. Where would you like to go? The Gold Room? But that's the most expensive place in town. Oh. I don't know, Jimmy. Maybe... if she's a ... (cocky wink) good girl, that is... Lois, for goodness sake. Didn't you hear me knock? Lois, you're not... Well I should hope not. Let's push off then, okay? You know something, Lois? I'll admit I was nervous at first, about but then, well,  darn it - I decided I was going to show you the time of your life. Hi, Mr. White . . . (gestures) Is Lois is around today? Hmm. Doesn't seem to make sense . . . I've never been able to understand violence in any form, Mr. White.", "SUSIE:": "Why, thank you, Clark. (rises- smiles) You know something, Clark? I think you're just about the nicest boy in the whole school. No, I mean it. I really do. Listen. A whole bunch of us are going over to Mary Ellen' s Page 17/113", "FOOTBALL PLAYER:": "Kent's still got a lot of work to do. (pause- to others) Told you he was a weirdo. Let's get out of here... He guns the car, irritated, roars off.", "LOIS:": "(turns - amazed) Golly! I saw a boy out there, running fast as the train! Faster, even! But... (to anybody) How do you spell \"massacre?\" (continues typing) An Ode to Spring.  One or two \"T's\" in bloodletting? \"And the people on the street, the little man who runs the corner newsstand, the old lady sunning herself on the stoop, the kids playing stickball in the alley - none of them will ever forget that night of senseless blood-letting which turned a friendly block party into a cruel and unspeakable massacre.\" (triumphant) A good reporter doesn't get the great stories, Jimmy. A good reporter makes them great. (cocky) Here's the story on that East 19th Street murder spree. Page one with a banner headline seems about right to me. Hi there... Believe me, Chief, it's got everything. Sex., violence, the ethnic angle... Chief, this could be the basis for a whole series of articles - \"Making sense of senseless killings\", you know? We get psychiatrists ... ...sociologists, interviews with the families... I'm sorry. I didn't shake it up on purpose. (not happy) My ... beat? (archly) Don't tell me. He sends a check every week to his dear grey-haired old mother. Are there any more at home like you7 Well, Clark? So how did you enjoy your first day on the job? Swell. (pause) You know, Clark, there are very few people left in the world these days who sound comfortable saying that word ... \"swell\". Clark! The frightened Clark. . . oh, Clark . . . are you. . . (rising - disgusted) Swell. You just described the exact contents of my purse. I know. Nine to five it's a Pulitzer Prize. (looking up) What...? Oh, goodnight, Clark. Yes? (nice smile) Sorry, Clark. I'm booked. Air Force One is landing at the airport tonight and this kid's going to be there to make sure you-know-who answers a few questions he'd rather duck. For what? Oh, I've seen how the other half lives. My sister, for instance. . . three kids, two cats, one mortgage....I'd go bananas after a week.. (chain smokes) I already am bananas, right? That's what you're thinking. I appreciate the advice, okay? I've got a story to do. Good night, Clark. The elevator doors shut. A moment later another empty elevator stops, opens its doors. You've got me? Who's got you? Hey! It's me! Remember? Lois Lane! The girl from the roof? (sly puss) Oh, nothing ...intimate. : (outraged) It wasn't a trick! There weren't any wires. I looked. (pause) You're just jealous. Of this...Superman. I'm going to make some coffee. Want some? You know something? I've only said three words to the man...but for the first time in a long time - I think I'm kind of...stuck on someone. Clark...Clark? (pause) Nuts. Now I've gone and hurt his feelings. (totally preoccupied) There must be a way. Maybe if I hung myself, off another building. . . . .lay down on some train tracks, .or something.... (snaps to) Mmm?  What about tonight, Clark? Sorry, Clark...I must have forgot. (sigh) All right, Clark. I'll go out with you. Might as well get it over with. Oh, I don't know... (in jest) How about the Gold Room at the Park Towers? And if I'm not a good girl... (cocky wink) Page 70/113 Not too bad, kid. As a matter of fact - just this side of sensational. (checks her watch) Hmm. Clark is late.... She smiles, crosses to a small bar, pour.' a glass of wine. Probably out in the hall getting up enough nerve to knock. (to herself) You know something, Lois? You're too hard on Clark sometimes. He's a decent kind of guy and he has got this terrific crush on you.... I mean it's not his fault he'll never be a ...... There is a loud \"whoosh.\" Ah. . . . .no. . . .no! Whyever would you. . . (looks at gown) Oh.  This old thing.... You just stay right where you are! Please! Don't move! Or move, if you want, but don't fly away. Let's...ah...start with your vital statistics, okay? Age? Height? Weight? And I take it the rest or your bodily functions are what we'd consider...normal? Well - putting it delicately - do you eat? Would you like a cookie? A glass of wine? Is it true you can see through anything? And you're totally impervious to pain? (not looking up) What Color underwear am I wearing? Ah....do you have a first name? I mean what's your background? Where do you hail from? (writing ) Uh-huh. And do you.... (looks up) Like pink? Look. Just why are you in the in first place? I mean , why are you here? There must be a reason. You'll wind up fighting almost every elected official in this country. Listen. With all these strange powers of yours... Let's just say your average Joe can't deliver an airmail letter without putting a stamp on it. (to herself) I don't believe this... (blinks) Ah....just how fast do you fly, by the way? And just how would you propose we do that?  This is utterly fantastic! If only Clark could see me now.... Clark? Oh, he's sort of....nothing at all, really. Dull, mild-mannered, you know the type. Page 76/113 To get a coat. Isn't it kind of cold up there? Clark said you were only rigged with wires. Like Peter Pan. Mmm? Mmm?  Mmm. I....wonderful.....you.... Suddenly - the doorbell rings from inside. Then, loud knocks on the apartment door. (secret smile) Okay..... My associate, Mr. Olsen, is taking pictures of that Dam right now, Chief. (pause) But why sell out to some faceless person you've never met? You don\" even know his name. (totally in love) Oh, I understand ... (beaming) Your work comes first. Superman cares about everyone, Jimmy. .... (a new thought - eyes narrowing) But who knows? . . . Maybe one day . . . (cocky smile)", "MOTHER:": "(affectionate sigh) Lois Lane, you do have a writer's gift for invention. I'll say that for you.", "FATHER:": "Read your book, dear.", "SUSIE :": "Clark ....?", "FOOTBALL PLAYER": "How the hell did you...", "JONATHAN'S VOICE": "Been showin' off a bit, have you, son?", "MARTHA'S VOICE": "(from inside) Jonathan...?", "CLARK :": " (emotionally) Mother... Who . . . am Hello, Lois ... (suddenly nervous) Know what? You said it. Thanks, Eddie", "MARTHA :": "(helpless smile) I know, son. I know....", "TRUCK DRIVERS:": "Get in Kid! Quick, before you freeze to death!", "DRIVER:": "What the hell. You wanna make a popsicle outa yourself, none of my business.... Oh, my god, I couldn't help... Oh, my god, I couldn't help...", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "waits, suddenly:": ":", "WHITE, MANAGING-DIRECTOR\".": "", "JIMMY'S VOICE": "", "R-E.": "The shutter clicks.", "JIMMY:": "What're you writing. Lois? Two. Oh, wow... Right, Chief. The Gold Room? Golly Mr. Kent, are you really going to take Miss Lane to the Gold Room. Boy. What do you suppose she meant by that, Mr. Kent? Superman! I'm up here, Superman! I'm ... (grinning) You know it. It's over! You did it, Superman! Boy. Superman sure seems to care about you, Miss Lane.", "PERRY:": "So why should today be different... (gestures So does a lady wrestler with a foreign accent. (turns) Here, Kent. Open this, will you? Lois, you're pushing a pile of rinky-dink tabloid crap. The Daily Planet has a tradition to ... The competition'll do wonders for you. Listen. Not only does this guy show proper respect for his editor-in-chief ... (baiting her) not only does he have a snappy, punchy prose style, but I swear to you that after forty years Olsen, take this Loch Ness update down to composing - tell them to use it as fill unless something comes in on that jewel robbery. And don't call me Chief. Lois, about that sex maniac profile... I was going to say there's only one p in rapist. (turns to Now look! We' re sitting on top of the story of the century here! Our only problem is how to get it - exclusively! (waves paper ) I want the name Superman and the Daily Planet to go together like bacon and eggs! Who's talking cheap? I'll make him a goddamn partner if I have to! I want the inside dope on the real Superman! Who is he? Where's he from? What's his favorite ball team? (leans in) And I'll tell you one thing, boys and girls -whichever one of you Gets it out of him will have the single most important She's out west looking into a land fraud deal. I sent young Olsen with her on his first photo assignment. Some unidentified joker's been buying up thousands of acres of worthless desert at incredible prices. The world doesn't make sense, Kent. You should know that by now. (tosses dispatch) Look at this dispatch from Addis Ababa. People break into a museum in the dead of night - kill two guards - and what do they take? Some worthless hunk of meteorite . (sadly) I know that, Kent. That's part of the reason I wanted to see you. I've been in the news business man and boy for forty years. I got where I am with guts, compassion, and elbow grease - but most of all with one thing you sadly lack, my boy - aggression. Take charge, ... get Lois to introduce you to Superman. Start to hang out with the guy. Give me the man-to-man angle . . . More dog howling is heard from the streets through the partially opened window.", "LOIS :": "Your bookie? (strange expression) How did you know that? Not unless you can fly. . . ....Superman. Don't tell me. Lung cancer, right? Macaroons. (pause) That's Clark, nice... 6/4/77  ", "CI.ARK": "(total sincerity) Actually, she's silver-haired.", "VOICE:": "All right. Freeze. The both of you.", "MUGGER :": "Get in here.", "MUGGER:": "You know something, buddy? You're . right I'm turning over a new leaf. Right after I rip off this lady's purse. (to", "LOIS": "", "LEVEL.": "", "he sees:": "", "EVE :": "That's sick, Lex. Really. : (new thought) See if you can just explain to (chewing) Cuteness. Dimples. (from trees) Did you ever try to run in high heels? (no reply) You probably did. (chewing) Cuteness.  Dimples. (stopping him) But Lex.... (wary) If I help you . . . Will you save my mother first?", "LUTHOR:": "(sad nod) Arnold \"Buster\" Luthor. The most inept check forger of his day. A pity he didn't see how, from such humble beginnings, I created an empire. Tell me, Miss Teschmacher. How many other girls are lucky enough to have a Park Avenue address? Do you know what they're all paying per square foot up there? For a few miserable rooms of a common elevator? What more could anyone ask for? Otis, you want something. What can I throw at you? Here.  Don't forget to flush this time. Life is never boring with me. Admit it. Turn it off... (mind elsewhere) Something unreal....something.... not quite human. Something like you, Otis If he is - he's from another world... Because if any human being could have perpetrated such a fantastic hoax, it would have been for me and I would have thought of it by now. (musing- resigned) It all fits somehow His coming here to Metropolis - and at this particular time. There's a kind of ... cruel justice about it. I mean, to commit the Crime of the Century, a man would just naturally have to face - the Challenge of the Century. (bitter smile) Next time, put the robe on after I get out of the pool. I know that, Otis. Look at that overgrown Boy Scout, Miss Teschmacher, Tell me what you see. Confidence Don't worry, don't worry, we'll find his weakness..... But how can it be? That creep should have melted in there! What's the temperature? When it gets to a hundred - stabilize it. Now then ... given the location of the galaxy he mentions . . . (more slide rule) And its proximity to our own solar system ..amazing... (eyes lighting up) Too good to be true! ... Some people can read War and Peace and come away thinking it was a simple adventure story. Others can read the ingredients on a chewing gum wrapper and unlock the secret of the universe. Exactly, Miss Teschmacher. As in \"moron\"? No, Otis, (rolling) Now then. According to that interview the planet Krypton blew up on May 23, 1948. \" The rocket carrying the revolting little freak took three years to reach Earth. Ergo? Page 80/113 Do you know why the number 200 is so vitally descriptive of both of' us, Otis?  It represents your weight - and my Since .fragments of Krypton must have been shot out into space by the explosion, it's reasonable to assume some of the debris would have landed here on Earth. Jawohl. He finds the page he was looking for, his face lighting up.  So -what? You mean to us it's just a meteorite? Fair enough. . . 6/4/77 But because of its high level of specific radioactivity - to someone from the planet Krypton - this substance would be lethal! Will kill him! At times like these you must experience a certain shudder of ecstasy just being in the same room with me. Lord, you gave them eyes, but they see not! And the Kryptonite - will destroy him! (quick smile) Any more Questions? Do you 1ive.1n England, Otis? Then why are you driving on the left! (outraged) Fast? When a woman's life is at stake? It's not that I don't trust you, Otis . . . (thinks about it) Yes, it is. Tell me what you did. The third one goes to 11, Otis. And the fourth one to 7. (rage mounting) Would you like to see an arm long enough to make a big space, Otis? (screams) Do you want to see an arm long enough to Make a big space? Come in, Superman. My attorney will be in touch about the door. Otis, don't just stand there, take the man's cape.... (quick smile) No. By causing the death of innocent people. You see, Superman... (passionately) I had a dream! ... Right. Well ... as you mayor may not know, Superman, I am, as they say, very heavy into real estate.  In order to make money in that game you have to buy in for a little and sell for a lot. Right? Right. So.  Otis. This is France. And this - is California. The richest, most populace state in America. Sorry. You do get around, don't you. (turns back) Now then. Where was At the San Andreas Fault. Maybe you've heard of 1t. Couldn't have said it better myself. (back to map) Now all this... (indicates) ...west of' the Fault is the most expensive real estate in the world. Los Angeles. San Diego. ...drop into the Sea! Bye-bye California! Hello new West Coast!  My... West Coast. Oh, I'll admit there were problems. Adjusting the missile trajectory, finding the precise point of optimum stress on the Fault... Check the viewing room, Otis... (turns back) Well, Superman? What do you think? Interesting? 18/4/77   Where's that rocket now? That's right, Superman. Double jeopardy! And even you can't fly fast enough to stop both of them! (sly grin) While It's Kryptonite Superman! A little souvenir from your home town! You see I've spared no expense in making you feel right at home here! You were great in your day, Superman. But When the time came to cash in your chips, Lex Luthor was just naturally your banker!  Mind... ...over muscle ... I'm afraid I have to leave you now. Nothing personal, you understand. We all have our faults. It's just that mine is in Ca1ifornia. On the contrary. I figured it out instantly. Hackensack, New Jersey. (impatient) What? (pause) Your mother used to live in Hackensack.", "EVE:": "Try twisted. You and your real estate. Why does it mean so much to you? All the time, \"land, land, land.\" (not looking up) Then your father must have been sick too. An empire? This? It isn't a Park Avenue address, really. Two hundred feet below. Sunlight. Something that overlooks a window. You know something, Lex? You're perverted. You're the most cruel and vicious human being I know... You'd cut a baby's throat with its own diaper pin. Steal the wafer from a nun's handbag.... What's wrong with me, anyway? Why do I love you so much? Never, Lex. You're the absolute pits. They kiss passionately. So what's the story, Lex? You think this guy's the genuine article? Why? Oh. Did I miss something, Lex? Dimples. Would you settle for acne? (checking a gauge) Fifty below and falling. Don't tell me he's suddenly got a problem.... (reading) You said it ... six-four, blue eyes, doesn't drink, tells Page 79/113 (insulted) I read the article, Lex. You mean meteorites? I know I'm going to get rapped in the mouth for saying this, but - so what? Page 81/113 Not like the kind of shudder you're going to feel when you try and lay that rock on him. He can spot you coming miles away with those super-peepers of his. (dawning on her) You mean lead can hide things from him... Page 82/113 (thoughtful pause) I wonder what they're wearing in Addis Ababa. (glances back) Passing the Grand Canyon, Lex. Going like a bat. So's the other one. (hating herself) Maybe . . . (pause) If it wasn't for ... my mother. . . My mother comes first, promise me. I know you wouldn't break a promise. Cause you wouldn't have let me later. You too. (almost misty eyed)", "OTIS:": "What's a myth? Yes, Mr. Luthor? I'm sorry, Mr. Luthor. This guy handles himself pretty good, Mr. Luthor. Hey.  Maybe he's got a glass jaw. The guy probably never owned a sweater in his life... He did? Was that He is thirty years old? The staircase stops.  You mean bullets and .fire can't hurt him, but this kind of rock I don' t think so, Mr. Luthor . . . I reset the first vector heading to 38, the second one to 67, and the third one to 117 . What fourth one? (holds out arm) See? I wrote it down ...  Sorry, Mr. Luthor.", "EVE (CONTINUED)": "me one thing. Why do millions of people have to die for this...Crime of the Century? Tell me that, Lex. Why do they all have to die?", "OTIS :": "Yes, sir. I'm a myth.... I did it, Mr. Luthor! Just like you told me to! 5/5/77  ", "PERRY :": "Harry? That's it. Put 'er to bed.", "CLA.RK": "(admiration) Don't you ever let up?", "DRIVER,": "horrified, jumps out.", "PIMP:": "Say, Jim! That is a bad outfit... Wait a minute, Jim! Who's your tailor, baby? Who cuts your threads?", "SUPERMAN:": "Excuse me... With a burst or energy (smile - to Hi there. Something wrong with the elevator? They say confession is Good for the soul, Officer. I'd listen to this man. The thunderstruck Bad vibrations? Don't be too hard on Frisky. We all get a little scared of heights now and then. I don't know what to say. (awkwardly) I guess I just got...carried away. How good it felt... Why? Twenty-four. And secondly? Thank you, Father... It's no trouble for me to come back later. I mean I don't have to park or anything. Sorry to just...drop in on you like this, Miss Lane, hut I realize there must be many questions about me the world would like the answers to. . . . So it's become important for me to have very close relations with the press. You really shouldn't smoke, you know. Six-four I beg your pardon? When I'm hungry. What kind? Thanks anyway. I never drink when I fly. Pretty much. So far. Pink. You mean like Ralph, or something? I was born on a planet in the Xeno Galaxy. A place called Krypton. (nice smile) I like pink very much, Lois. I'm here to fight for truth justice, and the American way. I'm sure you don't really mean that, Lois. (slightly hurt) You find them ......strange? I wouldn't do that. It's against the law. Take a ride with me. Now (hopefully) Would you like to? (modestly) Well. I'll be handling the flying of course. Clark? Is he your....boyfriend? You'll be warm enough.  I'll wrap you in my cape. Ready? Peter Pan flew with children, Lois. In a fairy tale. He tightens his grip, sweeps her off her feet. They shoot up into the night sky. I figure it took about ninety seconds. How about you? Are you feeling all right? Well, So long, then.... Everybody back, please! Thank you . .. Arms folded, Is that how a warped brain like yours gets its kicks? By planning the death of innocent people? 18/4/77   In your case it must have been a nightmare, Luthor. Get on with it! 18/4/77   I don't need a geography lesson from you, Luthor. Sure. It's the joining together of two land masses. The .fault line is unstable and shifting which is why you get earthquakes in California from time to time. (horrified) Most of California would be destroyed! Millions of people would be killed! The West Coast as we know it would... You are a dreamer, Luthor. A sick-Twisted dreamer. It couldn't possibly work. 18/4/77   Your theory's quite impressive, Luthor. But as for the rest -  it's nothing but a sick fantasy. (in disbelief) The other one! There's two of them? Where is it,  Luthor! Where's that detonator? (ripping it open) I'll mold this box into your prison bars, you... That rock... I can-t... my strength.. Away... please... take it... 18/4/77   You don't . . . even care. . . where the other missile . . . is headed, do you .. (gasping) Miss . . . Teschmacher . . . please. . you can't . . . stand by. . . and let millions of people . . . innocent people. . . die . . . Page 103/113 (he has no choice) Pro. . . promise . . . What ... Why did you kiss me first? (now at full strength) Thank you, Miss Teschmacher... Sorry about the car ... Want a picture on page one of every newspaper in the world? Ready...? (looking down) Now! Sorry I left you waiting all the way up here, Lois, but I was kind of busy down there for a while. 18/4/77   (nodding grimly) And there's one last piece of unfinished business left... Page 110/113 Hello, Warden. I think these men should be safe here with you until they can get a fair trial. (and he means it) And you, Warden.  And the fireman, the doctor,the teacher, the clergyman - the cop on the beat . . . (nice smile) We're all on the same team.", "FIRST VOICE:": "Look!", "SECOND VOICE:": "It's a bird!", "FOURTH VOICE:": "Goddamned if I know, Margaret.", "SUPERMAN :": "Easy now, Miss. I've got you. One ninety-five. I never lie. I don't know really. I've never actually timed myself. Let's find together, okay? (a bit offended) I'm sure he's actually very nice. Where are you going? All right, Luthor, where's the gas pellet? (desperate) Please. . . help me to save them . . . Please . . . 5/5/77   But Lois . . . and Jimmy . . . are . . .", "LOIS,": "", "BURGLAR.": "", "BURGLAR:": "What the hell. It's only a dream, anyway.", "PANS:": "", "FIRST HOOD": "grins at his", "FIRST HOOD:": "Holy sh....", "MOONEY:": "Sergeant, I swear! Flying! With a big red cape! And bright red boots as well! Then, quick as a Page 53/113", "SERGEANT:": "(smile) Like a big blue bird....with bright red boots. The Why don't you take the rest of the night off now, Mooney. Go back to Murphy's bar and finish what you plainly started. I'll be off myself in a bit and join ya there... They have, reached the door, start out, suddenly stop, rooted to the spot.", "SERGEANT :": "Off we go, then, Mooney. The first bottle's on me....", "LITTLE GIRL:": "(despair) Frisky! Oh, Frisky, please come down.... Suddenly -  Gee, thanks Mister. (to cat) You naughty thing. . . Page 54/113", "MOTHER'S VOICE": "Haven't I told you to stop telling lies? Another bolt of lightening slashes through the night sky. The rain becomes noticably heavier.", "CO-PILOT": "What happened? We get our engine back?", "PILOT:": "Fly.. Don't look. We... got something. . . (weak smile) Trust me. Just ... fly.", "REPORTER:": "Hey, Lois. You know that guy? Hey, Clark. Chief wants to see you ...", "Second:": "way to hurt you - by hurting the people you care for.", "NEWSCASTER:": "Good evening. And what sort of night has it been so far? A night that has seen what many believe to be the most extraordinary phenomenon of our times ... Our newsfilm confirm eyewitness's reports of a caped figure, resembling a man, who appeared flying in the sky over Metropolis. Yes, I said flying . . . A The Mayor of Chicago commented that it all seemed too be a publicity stunt designed to draw attention to Metropolis... ....a city that has been having its share of financial problems of late.", "NEWCASTER'S": "voice is audible. A", "CROWD MEMBER:": "That'll be the day, huh?", "NEWSCATER:": "White House comments are guarded at present, although the", "NE\\WSCASTER": "...His question is", "NEWSCASTER :": "The answer is up to you. Man or myth?", "LUTHOR (CONTD)": "Just . . . passing through, Miss Teschmacher? Not on your life...something I would gladly sacrifice by the way - for the one chance to destroy everything he represents. (pause - blinks) Oh, and Otis...", "LOIS (O.S.)": "Just...three little words, as they say. \"Help\" and \"Thank you.\" Not exactly the basis for a meaningful relationship, is it? I mean, for all I know, he's got a wife and kids on some other ...and then he said, \"maybe the guy's a father figure.\" So I said, \"look. My Pop's a terrific guy, but he doesn't go flying around town in a red cape...\"", "LOIS (CONTD)": "So I called a guy who's married to this girl I went to college with. He's a shrink. I made an appointment and went to see him...", "ANNOUNCER'S COICE": "...tape recording left at station", "recording:": "", "LUTHOR'S VOICE": "Unfortunately I'm not in the book, but a bright boy like you should be ab1e to find the address ... Page 92/113 (now in tunnel) See what I mean? And not a moment too soon. (tone chancing) Which is... right here, by the way... (touches it). Target Zero.", "BOMB SQUAD": "", "(TO EVE')": "So you like dimples, eh, Miss Teschmacher? I'll give him dimples.........", "LUTHOR :": "(eyes glued) Ssshhh....... Onward to the letter Et ... voila! Now, Otis!  Go! (sm1ling -  nods) And the fourth one ? (overlapping) The third to 117? Look at that overgrown Boy Scout, Miss Teschmacher. Tell me what you see. You like dimples? I'll give him dimples It's open... (thin smile) Fantasy?... (exploding) History!! It's happened, Superman! (entering) Hurry, Miss Teschmacher . . .", "Behindit:": "over a beaker of acid.", "wire:": "current passing through him harmlessly. He rips through the fence", "CLARK": "notices, comes up.", "SUPERMAN.": "Thirty. ", "(unbelieving):": "A ride? You mean would I like to fly?", "(QUICKLY)": "And neither can Superman - through lead. Four doors, Miss Teschmacher, lead doors, and he had to rip them all down to find that poisoned pellet. This bilious bluebird has two Achilles' heels!", "EVE'SVOICE": "Thanks a lot...fine now...Hey! What did You have for lunch, Ace! Suddenly - a siren is heard. An ambulance roars around the corner, screeches to a stop.", "MAJOR :": "That was fast. Damnit. . .", "EVE'S VOICE": "(mumbling - surly) And that's about all I got left to lose, believe me.", "ANNOUNCER'S VOICE": "... here at Danforth Proving Grounds for the launching of two The ultra-modern, built-in sensory devices can detect any object in its path and automatic1y avoid it, either going over, under, or around... 5/5/77  ", "CMAERA PANS:": "empty, heads for the", "ANNOUNCER'S VOICE.": "It is claimed that the", "REPORTERS": "cluster around the", "CJCS:": "That's impossible!  It can't happen, damnit!... It... He grabs his red phone, picks it up. Get me the President!", "PRESIDENT'S VOICE": "Goddamnit!  What now!", "CHIEF:": "...no oil, no uranium, no coal, no precious minerals... hell, no water anymore... (gestures) Not since the government dammed it all up.. 18/4/77    At the stupid high price he offered for this worthless piece of desert... (smile) I only hope it's Custer. 237", "LOIS.": "", "PULLS BACK:": "nervously in the exc1ted anticipation, glued 'to the screen. Curiously enough,", "FLASH CUT:": "blur seems to cross the", "WARDEN:": "Thanks, Superman. (sternly - to", "URSA:": "Free! Their grotesque faces fill the", "FADE OUT:": ""}, "supermanII.pdf": {"ALEXANDER SALKIND": "", "PRESENTS": "", "\"SUPERMAN II\"": "", "PRODUCERS:": "", "PIERRE SPENGLER": "", "Director:": "", "RICHARD LESTER": "Shooting Script [*", "ELDER (V.O.)": "General Zod. A warped, would-be dictator. His only feeling is contempt. His only desire is to command Non. He is without words and without thought. He is a brute force. The General need only command to inspire this monster to acts of mindless destruction. Together these three are responsible for the darkest episode in Krypton's history, the one attempt at insurrection against our reasoned way of life.", "CONTINUED": "                                                      ", "SECOND ELDER": "Guilty! \"Trees\" by Joyce Kilmer of the planet Earth.", "ELDERS": "(all speaking together) Guilty! (echoed)", "ZOD": "(mocking him) Now you see us, now you don't. Ursa's evil laughter rings out. (contemptuously) Did you really believe we would give up our advantage? (triumphant.) Now I shall have the Son of Jor-El as my slave! Forever. If not, the millions of earthlings you protect will pay for your defiance. (he snaps his fingers towards Lois) (to Non) I sense the presence of Jor-El here. Destroy all this . . . . (at Luthor) And we have no more need of this one. Kill him. You have done well, Lex Luthor. We will award you this Cuba place. (to Lex Luthor! Ruler of Australia and the Cuba place! Activate the machine! And now - finally - kneel! Take my hand and swear eternal loyalty to Zod.", "EXT. SPACE": "", "CLARK": "Everything on it? You're sitting in my seat, Pig-face. (nice smile) I've been working out.", "PHIL": "(can't stop to talk) 'Scuse me Kent..... Clark is a bit surprised, but continues walking on. A", "JIMMY": "(to telephone) Yeah. I'll check. He hangs up and goes to Perry' s office.  Clark follows. Mr. White, the pressroom wants to know how much longer to hold the front page. (explaining to the confused Clark) A gang of terrorists seized the Eiffel Tower in Paris So far the hostages are unharmed. Tourists, about twenty of 'em. Maybe we just don' t know his game plan. (the hero worshipper) Superman's got something up his sleeve, that's for sure. We just haven't figured it out. Isn't that right, Miss Lane? See? And she knows him better than anybody . Man! That big guy is just as strong as Superman! Lois looks worriedly at Jimmy. Perry leans out the window, calling like a coach from the (stunned) Fled?. . . Are you okay? If I know you. Miss Lane, it was probably about Superman.", "PERRY": "(tense) Give it another ten minutes. If we don't -- (changing his mind) Hell, I'll tell him. (he picks up a phone) Pete? If we haven't got anything new in the Get your head out of the clouds, Kent. Where you been  the last twelve hours? Don't you watch television? Don't you listen to the radio? Dickens! The whole world's about to blow up and you're reading Dickens?! He knows where the Eiffel Tower is, Olsen. (double checking) You do, don't you, Kent? But that's penny-ante stuff. These guys are saying that unless the French government meets their demand they've got a hydrogen bomb ready to level Paris. That's why they call 'em terrorists. (brusquely) Go down to the morgue and dig up anything you can find on past incidents of -- Does she know about it? She's in it! The minute the story broke I bundled her on the first Concord out of here. If Paris goes kablooey I want the best reporter I've got right there in the middle of it. No offense, Kent. You're good, but Lois is the best we've got. That goes with the territory, Kent. (cheering him up) Listen, if I know Lois Lane, she'll not only come back with a Pulitzer Prize story, she'll have a one on one interview with the hydrogen bomb titled \"What Makes Me Tick. \" (impatiently) What are you standing around for, Kent? Come on! Take off! I can't understand it! Where is he? I mean, he shows up every time a cat gets stuck in a tree, and  now he decides to pull a disappearing act? Game plan! It's fourth down and long yardage, the two-minute warning sounded and the ball's deep in our territory! How brilliant do you have to be?! Come on, Superman - straighten up and fly right! I don't believe it.", "RIGHT": "", "FIRST REPORTER": "(British accent) How did they get up there? Can you tell us why they released the first group of hostages? What is the official position of the government on this? As the questioning", "SPOKESMAN": "(French accent) They were disguised as workers, to do repairs. We insist they do this to show good faith. If not, we refuse to negotiate. In return for a guarantee that we will not launch an attack an them. (squirming a bit ) Um. . . .we have made this guarantee. We have not the choice to refuse, have we, if we believe it is a real hydrogen bomb that they have. Is in a big oil can -- (Tries another word) --- oil drum...you know? How can we be sure? Today, is possible for anyone to make a bomb if he has the proper equipments, no? (grimly) Oui.", "SECOND REPORTER": "(American accent) And now they are willing to release the rest of the hostages? There will be no attack? No attempt to overpower the terrorists?", "THIRD REPORTER": "Where is the bomb ?", "LOIS": "Everything on it. As he grabs his hat and starts to Oh, and -- (blithely) There goes a nice guy. (she roll a fresh sheet of paper into her typewriter) Now then, what trouble can I get", "SERGE": "Take them down and send them away. But watch out for any tricks. It is not what you look like, Sister, it's who you are. We'll negotiate with him later. (to his cohorts) Quickly! The hostages are herded into the elevators and the doors shut Yes, yes, all right . . ...", "NUN": "(feisty) Do we look like the sort who would --- A higher Power will have to forgive you. . . .", "LUC": "Hurry! And they do Don't worry, it is me who controls the bomb, not the  bomb who -- It started!", "and:": "45Her belt gets caught up in the mechanism under the elevator.", "CLAUDE": "(gallows humor) If you let go, I hope you have not many sins to be forgiven. Because there will be only ten seconds to list them.", "FIRST POLICEMAN": "(to walkie-talkie) Where are they now?", "VOICE OVER": "(Outside Spotter) They are near to the elevator, one is inside with the bomb.", "SPOTTER": "Now the third one has come out . . .. Yes... all are out. Yes,  Get ready.", "POLICEMAN ONE": "Now. The", "SUPERMAN": "Enough! It's enough! I expect better manners from my guests. (deliberately goading them) As we say on Earth, Zod -- \"all talk and no action.\" Non, made furious by the taunt, leaps from his place and springs at Superman. One more mistake like that and you'll be busted to Corporal, Zod. And with that he seizes him in a powerful grip. As Zod struggles to get free -- 414Ursa and Non swoop towards Lois and grab her -- each getting an arm. Now they begin to Stop! Let her go! (pause to Zod) All right, Zod. you win. It's over. 420Zod smiles, full of himself, looks around the Fortress at the Memory Bank , crystal rows, bench,  etc. (low voice) Perhaps there is some good in you after all, Lex Luthor. I'll have to take the chance. Try to get them all into that molecule chamber. It takes away their powers, reduces them to human beings. Now if you could . . . Luthor, you poisonous snake . . . No! Please! Don't! . . . I knew you'd double-cross me, Luthor. A lying weasel like you couldn't resist the chance . . . Too late, Luthor. Too late . . . (from inside) Which one would you like to join, Luthor? Pick a hole.", "clear:": "", "NEW ANGLE": " ", "LEX": "Hello there.  Lex Luthor, Lex Luthor. Possibly you've  heard the name. The greatest criminal mind on earth. Wait, wait, wait just a moment. Wait till you've got to know better will you please.  Wait, -- look, I can give you anything you want. I can give you the brass ring, the - er -- unlimited freedom to maim, cure, destroy, chew - plus Lex Luthor's savvy. Lex Luthor's career Oh magnificent one. What I am bargaining with is what you do not have -- the son  of Jor-El. No, Jor-El, the baseball player that came from Porto Rico. Yes Jor-El your Jailer.  Oh my Fullness, as I explained to you before, I am about the best there is. Second best there is. Now we're cooking, huh!  Constantly. Certainly. But - Er. Oh Magnificent one, he's just one, but you are three, or four even, if you count him twice. Wait! - First you must find him. And Lex baby is the only one who knows where he is. Check? Oh, General, the world is a big place. Thank goodness, my needs are small...As  it turns out, I have this affinity for beachfront property . . . I er - You should see the White House, they'll be cleaning it for months.", "GUARD": "Life plus twenty-five. Luthor. Get to work. 382 . . . check . . . 383 . . . check . . . He passes Lights out, Luthor. Neither You guys are about ten seconds away from solitary, you know that? (to", "OTIS": "Don't feel bad, Mr. Luthor. It almost worked. I mean California almost threw up right in the ocean. Millions of people almost killed. If it hadn't been for that guy Superman - that overgrown boyscout... (  What are you gonna do - with a guy like that    ) I mean they can't even trace that guy on that radar they got, every time they try he just flies off. North. To ski? Oh! That black box in our cell? That little black box, Mr. Luthor, I mean -- what's it for? Ahhhhhh -- Alpha Waves.", "(OTIS )": "(Oh with garlic, Mr. Luthor, and that ) (butter, oh it's so good. )", "INDICATED.)": "", "FIRST CONTROLLER": "What's going on? (not perturbed as this is obviously a common problem; calls out What'd he say before? He saw a girl? What's a curl? How the hell would I know? I was in high school back in those days.", "SECOND CONTROLLER": "Yeah, I keep forgetting about them. (shrugs) Well, everybody else had. After forty-five days. (he tunes in his console, speaks into microphone) Houston to Artemis Mighty pretty, right. (a look at his colleague) Listen, Nate -- (sharper) Nate? (no answer) I think he said a \"curl.\" Isn't that what the old Canaveral guys used to call a comet on an East-West trajectory? (razzing him) Boy, you sure look old for your age (to Sounds like the usual electrical interference.", "NATE": "Yeah . . . well . . . uh, Houston . . . we seem to have an . . . an . . . unidentified flying . . . (he still can't believe his eyes) object. Well, sir . . . actually, what it looks like, I would have to say, it definitely looks like, like . . . a girl. My god --- Frantically he presses, again and again, a switch.", "URSA": "(sensing his fear) General --- ? Release the General or we tear her apart. (laughing) \"Super-sucker . \" For once, Lex Luthor was right.", "ROBBIE": "Ma'am, I'm just a person . . . (pointing) From Earth, you know? I'm just a man.", "ROCKETS.\"": "", "SECOND CONTOLLER": "I don't know, lost contact.", "(to mike:)": "Artemis ? Artemis? He keys up the", "EVE": "(glumly) Why am I doing this? Why am I here? (upset) Lex...Lex, how could you do that to Otis? (Brightly) There is some good in you, Lex, after all. (getting into it) A bikini! I'll need to buy a new bikini, Lex. (suggestively) C'mon. After being cooped up in that prison, haven't you thought about me in a bikini . . ...once maybe ? You thought about me in a parka. That's sick, Lex. Really. (profoundly annoyed) Look at this! Snow. Ice.  Your idea of a good time. I wouldn't know. I've never had one. This way Lex. Genius!  --  Lex. No, me, me, me. Thank you. It's beautiful. Wrong. That was two days ago. Frankly, I think this place is a bit boring. It's all white. Why doesn't the guy put up some posters? Maybe some bullfight things . . . It's not ice. Not mine, Lex. I don't want any part of this. Those people are scary. (adamantly) Call me when it's over. Good. My heart can't take it.", "LUTHOR": "(pointing) North. Keep going North! (did he hear right?) Put down Lex Luthor? 390Ursa follows orders. She drops Luthor unceremoniously on a remote ledge. (indignantly) Hey! Hey, who day's have to know to get a ringside seat here? (offended) Hey, let's be fair. Actually, there've been two or three times -- You think you know people, right? Promises are made, gifts exchanged . . . what does it all mean anymore?  Not like the old days when it was just you and me. And I've got to hand it to you, Superman. You always told the truth. A fellow knew where he stood with you. You wanted Wait! Don't go in! It's a trap! It's a molecule chamber, your Grace! It turns people like you into . . . (feels funny saying this) people like me. He switched it! He did it to them! The lights were on our here! He was the only one safe in there! (backing up) Are you kidding? I knew it all the time. Did you see how they fell into our trap? Beautiful . . . Listen. Have I got a proposition for you, Superman. I mean I owe you one, you know? Now don't say yes or no till you hear me out . . . (from inside) Wait a minute, wait a minute, let's talk a deal, Superman. We can take a lunch on this --", "BELLBOY": "(to Clark) If you'd like to carry Mrs . . . (checks the name on the card in his hand ) . . . Smith over the threshold  . . . . . . It's sort of traditional. I can give you a hand if you have trouble lifting . . . Well, here you are. (very slick at this) Is this your first visit to Honeymoon Haven? (he winks) Together, anyway? Well, let me just show you some of our special features. He crosses to the fireplace, switches on a switch and immediately flames shoot up These are our \"Flames of Love,\" exclusive with this motel in the area. Self-regulating, of course. If you want the flames to go higher, just pull this. He tugs the cord and the flames grow higher. For a nominal charge, our staff photographer will be happy to prepare a special souvenir album of your honeymoon stay. He'll photograph you in the heated swimming pool, in the solarium, and, if you wish, in some of our more intimate (his piece de resistance, he reaches the bed) And here's the - Thank you, sir. And have a happy - (with a dopey wink) whatever. And on that note he leaves them alone.", "FATHER,": "this time, retrieves the hyperactive child.", "FATHER": "Jason! (to Clark and Lois) 'Scuse me. The father wears a gray suit similar to the one Clark wears . 113Lois watches as he hauls the kid away.", "JASON": "(big impish grin) Hey, becha can't do this! Suddenly he loses his footing and almost goes over. His mother screams. (he loved it) Again!  Again!", "MOTHER": "Didn't I tell you never to talk to strange men? And with that she deals him a resounding smack. As the kid howls,", "patiently, bored.:": "", "CUT TO:": " ", "LONG": "", "KRON-DAR": "The virtuous spirit has no need for gratitude or approval . . . Only the certain conviction that what has been done is right . . . The greatest virtue is that which ignores any thought of personal aggrandizement or reward . . . If we accept that which serves the general good invariably serves the individual as well . . . Luthor yanks the crystal out.", "LARA": "Kal-El, my son - -- as the keeper of the archives of Krypton, it falls to me to tell you of the darkest episode in our planets history. For many eons the peoples of our world have lived together in harmony. Then there appeared among us three anti-social elements - what on Earth are classified as \"criminals.\" The three proved - after exhaustive efforts - incapable of rehabilitation. Now as you know, we had no death penalty - And so our scientists constructed, from an irreversible mathematical equation, the Phantom Zone. In it we imprisoned these three arch-villains for all eternity. The Elders have, of course, thought long and hard about that question. (uneasily) The one danger we have considered is that the Phantom Zone might - we cannot predict - just might be cracked by a nuclear explosion in space. I cannot say I am glad you asked me that - -- because we do not know what could be be done if they were to escape. (troubled) On Krypton these villains were uncontrollable. On Earth each of them would have the same powers you have. (nodding slowly, feeling for him) Kal-El, your father and I . . . we have tried to anticipate your every question. (dismayed) This is the one we hoped you would (gentle, infinite reproach) You no longer can serve humanity if you invest your time and emotion in one of them at the expense of the rest. (tellingly, but in mild tones) Surely this is not how you repay their gratitude, You have been given a higher form of happiness. The happiness you feel by serving others, by inspiring them to -- (reprovingly) Patience, Kal-El. You begin to sound like an Earthling. Because that is your heritage. Those are the values we lived by on Krypton. (half-convinced) And she -- the one you have chosen -- she feels as much for you? (taking a deep breath, making a painful decision) Then if this is what you wish -- to live your This crystal chamber has harnessed the rays of the red sun of Krypton. Once exposed to these rays, all your great powers on Earth will disappear forever. The crystal chamber comes to a stop and slowly opens before him. Superman stares at it in wonder. But consider. Once it is done, there is no return. You will feel like an ordinary man. (a mother's anguish) You can be hurt like an ordinary man . . . Superman steps slowly, deliberately towards the chamber. (suddenly) Oh my son, are you sure?", "DISSOLVE TO:": "  ", "LUHTOR": "(excitedly) That explains those three new Alpha Waves I've been getting! It's them! They're coming! Coming to your neighborhood theatre!", "SHERIFF": "Me, Spring. (this strikes him as damned odd) Summer? (he thinks it over awhile, then makes up his mind) Nope . . . Spring's better, That's my feelin' on it. Hey, y'all get your butts outta the road! The horn blows insistently, the red light goes on  in the revolving dome. Did I hear right? Did that summabitch give me an order?! (to deputy) See to it, Duane. Y'all better learn to kick ass if you wanna be a peacemaker. The Deputy unclips from its rack their sawed-off shotgun. Then he opens the door and steps out. You ain't never gonna believe what just happened to -- Crash! Boog comes hurtling out through the saloon wall, goes flying tight through the turkey truck and hurtles out the other side in a storm of feathers and a chorus of gobbles, and bounces to a halt at the Sheriff's feet.", "DEPUTY": "Not me. I'm summer. Suit yourself. They spot the villains on the road. I don't know, but from the look of 'em, I'll bet they're from Los Angeles. He blows the horn, as the car gets closer to them. Awright, just what in the hell -- Ursa touches the badge on his shirt front curiously. (confused) Follow the Leader . . . ? She rips the badge off and pins it on herself, adding to her purloined (stunned at the effrontery) Holeee skunk sweat! He raises the shotgun, points it at them. Jesus", "J.J.": "(in triumph) See there, Boog. Just 'cause you're ugly don't mean you're strong. He picks up his beer mug in his massive mitt and then slowly sets it down again as he notices Zod and Ursa in the bar. (slapping his knee, leering at Ursa) Hey, sweet thing! Set those buns down here! (engulfing her hand in his) Don't wanna spoil your manicure now. The words are barely out of his mouth when she flicks his arm down. it is done with such super-power that his arm crashes right throught the table, bringing", "BOOG": "(seeing them) Oh my God! The circus is in town! Girl or no girl, you are gonna be spittin' teeth! Zod steps in front of the man and gives him the slightest little push. The effect is remarkable, as this light touch sends the beefy Boog smashing right through the wall, splintering it. Instantly followed", "WILLIE": "Sheriff! What happened? Please, Mister! (pleading) Please, Mister General! Please let my daddy down! (whispering prayerfully) Come on, we gotta get help! Go! Go, Betsy! Nothing. For one agonizing second it seems as if the old horse does not even comprehend the command. (despairing) Oh, Betsy --", "DINO": "(leveling a shotgun at them) Awright, just get 'em up and keep 'em up.", "while, as:": "", "A WOMAN": "(horrified) He was only a boy! Superman! Don't leave us! The awful laughter of Zod and Ursa rings out in the air.", "LADY": "I name this ship Did I . . . ? Admiral I don't . . . I'm sure you did . . . (to another dignitary) Did you see . . . ? (accepting the inevitable) Oh well . . . . . .", "OLD LADY": "(not even bothering to look up from magazine) Forty-five p, dear. . .", "SHOPKEEPER": "Mamma Mia! The Super-Cretino! Stronzo . . . Hysterical, he makes an obscene gesture, turns, begins smashing his wares off the shelf.", "Suddenly:": "", "NEWSMAN": "This is East Houston, Idaho, until yesterday just another town that time forgot . . . As he speaks, Today the population --  exaggerated reports put it a 123 --  has increased by three. And these new arrivals bringing death and destruction in their wake, have put East Houston back on the map. Indeed -- 227Suddenly Non charges (sweating) Well, with this live coverage -- and of course, with the satellite -- I guess just about, the whole world must be watching -- Earth. I meant . . . Earth. (backing away from her a bit toward the relative safety of his mobile truck, Still broadcasting) We shall indeed continue bringing you this extraordinary story as it unfolds here in the (to his camera) They're right in the line of fire and nothing happens to them! I haven't seen anything like this since Superman.", "MAJOR": "(through bullhorn) Now hear this! Now hear this! Throw down your weapons -- if you have any weapons -- and surrender yourselves immediately. This is an order!", "ANNOUNCER": "Third and four on  Minnesota' s 25, and the question is will Loomis pass or not? They set up in a split-T and -- Suddenly the News Announcer comes", "NEWS ANNOUNCER": "We interrupt this program to bring you a direct report from East Houston , Idaho.", "GUY": "Hey! What is th1s? It's 3rd and four for christsake! He runs to the phone, furious. (calling out) Helen! Call that godamn", "JAPANESE MOTHER": "I -- am -- so -- tired -- of -- all -- this violence -- on -- television. (indicating daughter) She -- should -- not -- watch -- this! The fish is now just a lot of tiny pieces. She tosses down her cleaver and firmly twists the dial to another channel.", "DAUGHTER": "(she was enjoying it) Ah, Mama, no!", "THE PRESIDENT": "(firmly, grimly) No, Harrison, I don't think anyone can anymore . . . unless . . .", "YOUNG AIDE": "(saying what is on all their minds) Where's Superman? Where is he? (desperately) Why doesn't he do something?", "simply:": "", "GENERAL": "(stiffly) I only answer to the President.", "CABINET": "", "MAN": "I am.", "PRESIDENT": "I'm the man they're protecting. I'm the President. I'll kneel before you if it will save lives. What I do now I do for the sake of the people of this world. But there is one man here on earth who will never kneel to you. I wish I knew. --  Oh, God. This is the President. On behalf of my country, and in the name of the other leaders of the world with whom I have today consulted, I hereby abdicate all authority and control over this planet . . . to General Zod. You'll find out, General! And when you do . . .", "TRUCKER": "It is now . . . (to Counterman) Coffee and a doughnut. (to Lois) How'd you like for me to buy you a little breakfast, honey? You've just been sittin' on your seat, four-eyes. Yeah? Well you let me know when he comes in. I don't mind . . . The Trucker uncoils a tremendous right hand. You don't know when to lie down, do you, buddy? The (to Counterman) Gimme another order of that bacon, Will ya? Come and get it four-eyes. . .", "PRESIDENT'S VOICE": "Only through strict compliance with his directions will the lives of innocent millions be . . . (sudden desperation) Superman, if you can hear me . . . Superman, where . . . There is a \"squawk\" as the mike is taken from him.", "COUNTERMAN": "When? Where the hell have you been, Mac? (no reply) How about that Superman, huh? He's great at stuff like putting out fires but when the real trouble comes, he splits. (walks away)", "C.U. ZOD": "", "(ZOD )": "(The son . . . of Jor-El? ) ( ) (Yes. To me! ) (This - is the son of Jor-El? ) ( )", "(LEX )": " (Yes, Daily. Daily Planet )", "(URSA )": "(Praying . . . ) ( )", "(JIMMY )": "(Wouldn't you know . . . ) ( ) (no . . .But I'll bet you're the son of ) (a... ) ( )", "(LOIS )": "(Jimmy! )", "(LAUGHS)": "You know what I mean.", "SUPERMAN'S VOICE": "Haven't you ever heard of Freedom of the Press, General?", "CABBIE": "Man, this is gonna be good! He switches on his on", "sidelines:": "", "THE CABBIE": "(ecstatic) Home run ! (angry) He chickened out! That phony! A", "OFFICE WORKER": "(slightly hurt, very frightened) Help! Help us Superman! 349", "C.U. LOIS": "", "CLARK'S VOICE": "That's funny.  I didn't know swine were cannibals . The"}, "terminator-2-judgement-day-1991.pdf": {"DISSOLVE TO:": "", "VOICE": "3 billion human lives ended on August 29th, 1997. The survivors of the nuclear fire called the war Judgment Day.  They lived only to face a new nightmare, the war against the Machines... A metal foot crushes the skull like china.", "CIGAR BIKER": "You forgot to say please. He grinds the cigar out on Terminator's chest.  Which produces not the slight reaction of pain.  Terminator calmly, and without expression, grabs Cigar by his meaty upper arm... Cigar screams from the hydraulic grip. Terminator doesn't see Cigar's friend, behind him, holding his pool", "LLOYD": "I can't let you take the man's wheels, son. Now get off or I'll put you down. Terminator turns and considers by coldly.  He eases the shifter up into neutral.  Rocks the bike onto its kickstand.  Swings him leg over and walks calmly toward the guy. Terminator strides right up to Lloyd, staring straight into the", "CUT TO:": "208    ", "WOMAN": "...John?  John!  Get in here right now and clean up that pigsty of yours. John's friend", "TIM": "Some cop is scoping for you, dude. John looks around the corner of the \"Afterburner\" ride.  Sees the cop showing a picture to some of the kids.  The kids point his way. John ducks just as the cop glances over.  He slinks out the other side of the ride and heads for the back of the store, instinctively retreating.  Sarah has taught him that cops are bad news.", "JOHN": "I order you not to! Terminator puts his hand on John's shoulder.  He moves slightly and the human side of his face comes into the light. He reaches toward John's face.  His metal finger touches the tear trickling down his cheek.", "JANELLE": "(filtered) Wolfy's fine, honey.  Where are you? Terminator unceremoniously hangs up the phone.  Turns to John.", "TODD": "What the hell's the goddamn dog barking at?", "BURLY ATTENDANTS.": "", "SILBERMAN": "... it was all true and we're all going to die and the changed, I saw him change!! It's quite pathetic. A nurse shoots him up with a sedative.  They lead him away.", "SARAH": "Are you afraid?", "DOUGLAS": "Open the door!  The goddamn bitch is loose in the halls! To Douglas' amazement, Lewis the Guard turns impassively and walks away, leaving him shouting soundlessly at the window.", "OFFICER X": "The what? The second girl points toward a massive complex visible about the houses several blocks away.  Officer X stares at it. 40     ", "REESE": "(turning back to her) There's not much time left in the world, Sarah. Reese goes out the door.  Sarah jumps from the bed, frantic.  Yanks the door open.  Follow her out. 30     ", "REESE (O.S.)": "Where's John, Sarah? Sarah opens her eyes and he is no longer in her arms.  He is standing across the room.  Pinning her with an accusing gaze.", "VIDEO SARAH": "You're the one living in a dream, Silberman, not me!  Because I know it happens.  It happens!", "VIDEO SILBERMAN": "Relax now, Sarah --", "DYSON": "I don't know... how much longer... I can... hold this thing...", "BRYANT": "Well... where it came from.", "AND FOREARM.": "At the elbow, the metal is twisted and crushed.  But the forearm and hand are intact.  Its metal surface scorched and discolored, it stands upright in a vacuum flask, as if saluting.  This is all that remains of the terminator Sarah destroyed.  Dyson stares at it, lost in thought.  The he closes the cabinet,", "FIRST GIRL": "Yeah, he was here about fifteen minutes ago.  I think he said he was going to the Galleria.", "TERMINATOR": "Yes. He turns and steps off the edge. 213     They watch him sink into the lava. He disappears... the metal hand sinking last... at the last second it forms into a fist with the thumb extended... a final thumbs up. Then it is gone.", "FIRST JOCK": "Yeah?  Fuck you, you little dipshit.", "MOSSBERG": "We're wasting out time. One of the uniformed cops opens the door and Mossberg strides into the hall.  Weathersby and the two uniforms follow him out, with Silberman right behind.", "WEATHERSBY": "Ms. Connor, you've been told that your son's missing.  His foster parents have been murdered, and we know this guy's involved.  Talk to us. Don't you care? Sarah stares up at him.  A cold and empty stare.  He glances at Silberman.", "NIGHT NURSE": "Gotta check the gun first, Lewis.", "BEAT...": "Then", "WINDOW WOMAN": "(stone-faced) Gimme a break.", "FIRST KID": "Are so! John and Terminator watch them rolling on the ground in a fight to the death.  Sarah rounds the front of the truck, and sees the kids.  John sighs, solemn.  He looks up at the cyborg.", "SECOND KID": "Am not!", "TARISSA": "Miles, I'm scared.  Okay.  But the only thing that scares me more than you going... is you not going. He nods.  She's right.", "SALCEDA": "She said you go south with him... (he points at Terminator) ... tonight, like you planned.  She will meet you tomorrow in... But John is moving, running after her.", "SARAH (V.O.)": "The luxury of hope was given to me by the Terminator.  Because if a machine can learn the value of human life... maybe we can too. Sarah ruffles the kids's hair as she runs off to play with her dad.", "BIKE COP": "Howdy.  I saw you pulled over here earlier. Everything okay?", "MILES": "Stay back!!", "DANNY": "Daaaaddddeeee! Danny is pulling at Dyson, crying and screaming, as his father tries to stagger forward.  Tarissa drops Blythe and runs back for Dyson, grabbing him.  Sarah looms behind them with the pistol aimed.", "BLYTHE": "Don't hurt my father!", "GIBBONS": "... multiple armed subjects.  Look, I think it's the guy from that mall shootout, and the woman... yeah, her.  Pretty sure.  Just send everything you've got in the area -- 145    ", "MOSHIER": "Hey, man, you shouldn't leave the --", "DISPATCHER (V.O.)": "All units, all units.  211 in progress at 2144 Kramer Street, the Cyberdyne building.  Multiple suspects, armed with automatic weapons and explosives. ", "CPU.": "Then in one vicious move he sweeps his arm behind the inert-gas flasks and hurls them to the floor.  They", "LEADER": "You're not hitting him!", "DRIVER": "Goddamn, are you alri --", "SHUDDER AND": "", "FIRES.": "", "GIRL": "Tie me, grandma. Grandma Sarah smiles.  It is the only time we have seen her smile so far.  She bends as the little girls puts her foot up on the bench. She ties as we"}, "the bells of st.mary.pdf": {"- OK.": "What did he say, Joseph? - He said he'd think it over. - When will he know? - I don't know. - Hey, Joseph. I thought it over. Father O'Malley! Lovely. What is it called? It means...\"It's spring.\" - Sing something else. - What do we know? You know Birmingham Bertha?", "OK.": "I can't do much here. Come to the office for a check-up. - There's nothing wrong. I'm just tired. - I know. Let me be the judge of that. I want to find out the cause.", "- I.": "You're wrong. \"But\" can be used as a preposition and takes the objective case. Dear me! That was in the examination, wasn't it? Uh-huh, and I missed it. I'm brighter than you think."}, "The Bible.pdf": {"NARRATOR:": "iIn the beginning, God created/i ithe Heaven and the Earth./i 2 icalled unto iof Cain is possession. /i 148 Page 18/111 ileft the presence/i iof the Lord& /i 190 iAnd God shut him in./i 313 iThe waters prevailed, and all/i ithe high hills were covered./i 337 isent forth a raven& /i 379 iin the 7th month,/i 401 isaid in his iunto the sons of Noah/i iafter the flood./i 417 igo down and confound/i itheir language& /i 444 ithe name of it called Babel./i 453 ihis wife, was barren& /i 518 Page 60/111 iFrom the south, even unto/i ithe plain of Jordan& /i 634 iupon the will of God./i 714 iWhen the sun was down,/i 768 iunto iThen on the third day& /i 959", "(SEAGULLS SQUAWK)": "42", "(BIRDS CHIRPING)": "64", "THE SERPENT:": "90", "EVE:": "that we shall not die& 103 108", "GOD:": "ithat thou wast naked?/i 113 Page 14/111 165 227 288 ithine eyes& /i 557 869 969", "(THUNDERS)": "144 312", "(BABY CRYING)": "145 806", "(WOLF HOWLS)": "179", "iGOD:": "186 474 669 iwhich ye shall keep/i ibetween me and you& /i 683", "ihis sons:": "222", "(PEOPLE LAUGHING)": "250 252 259", "(LOUD HAMMERING)": "251", "(SNORES)": "282", "NOAH:": "298", "(ANIMALS SQUAWK)": "314 322 376", "(ELEPHANTS CRY)": "315", "(GOAT CRIES)": "371", "(RAINING STOPPED)": "373", "(POUNDING)": "374 782", "(ROOSTER CROWS)": "375", "iJapheth:": "421", "LOT:": "inherit this country in peace? 482", "(CROWD YELLS)": "530", "(MEN YELLING)": "663", "(SWORDS CLANGING)": "664", "(HORSE WHINNIES)": "665", "(WOMAN SCREAMS)": "772", "(WICKED LAUGHTER)": "773", "(LAUGHING)": "774", "(WOMAN MOANS)": "775", "(MOANS)": "776", "(WOMEN CLAP)": "807", "iunto Abraham:": "830", "ABRAHAM:": "Here are the generations of my fathers named& 846"}, "the bridge on the river kwai.pdf": {"they'll say:": "\"Ship him home for impersonating an officer. \" - Once that happens, I've got it made. - Got it what? Made! I'd like that drink now. I'll apply for a medical discharge."}, "The Greatest Show on Earth.pdf": {"I...": "Well, what do you know? I u'sed to fill my dad's pipe. I dont remember 'seeing you before. You didnt. You only looked at me. Now, what wa's that name again?", "- AB.": "- Which Rh? - Negative. - Negative? Are you 'sure? Yeah, lm 'sure. Were out of luck, Button's. - What doe's that mean?"}, "The Sea Chase.pdf": {"and where:": "Sydney, Australia... ... the day Hitler rejected our ultimatum to stay out of Poland. I remember the ancient German freighter, brooding at her moorings... ... coal bunkers and provision rooms", "about grandchildren:": "They seem closer to you... You don't have any children. No, I have no family. But you get me to Valparaiso, and I'll promise you yours. The dreams, eh, captain?"}, "The Snake Pit.pdf": {"- R.C.?": "- Robert Cunningham, and don't ever ask me for a match again. Thank you, darling. - You know something? - What? I love you very much.", "- D.T.?": "Occupational therapy. Dressing therapy. Look what's been in here all this time. It's like putting your hands in someone else's pockets... a dead woman's.", "Question:": "Dear Dr. Kik, when am I real? Sorry, darling. They don't seem to be in a hurry here. - Half vanilla, half chocolate. - Thank you. - Cream and sugar."}, "The ten commandments.pdf": {}, "the-avengers-2012.pdf": {"INTERCOM VOICE": "All personnel, evacuation order has been confirmed. Proceed to your designated vehicles... A man flushes people by. The sign on the building ...for all campus evacuation. Security Guards direct traffic. Transport six-six-five-oh. Please relay your form code. Got you on the computer but not on the data log. What is your haul? Over. All hands engaged. The whole place is hectic. 102 We\u2019ve got perimeter breach. Hostiles are in We\u2019ve got the Hulk and Thor on Research Level Four. Levels Two and Three are gone. Engine One is now in shutdown. The helicarrier tilts dangerously. Everyone in the bridge begins rolling. All hands to your stations immediately. 138 We\u2019ve got unauthorized departure from Bay Six.", "FURY": "How bad is it?  Where are the energy levels now? How long to get everyone out? Do better. Fury and Hill continue on as Coulson turns around and heads the other way. 7 We should tell them to go back to sleep? I need you to make sure the Phase Two prototypes are shipped out. Until such time as the world ends we will act as though it intends to spin on. Clear out the tech below. Every piece of Phase Two on a truck and gone. Talk to me, Doctor. Is there anything we know for certain? Is that supposed to be funny? How soon can you pull the plug? We prepared for this, Doctor. Harnessing energy from space. That can be harmful. Where\u2019s agent Barton? (over Barton\u2019s radio) Agent Barton. Report. Barton zip-lines down a rope. Have you seen anything that might set this thing off? A (a little confused) At this end? (to Loki) Sir, please put down the spear! Loki looks at his scepter then fires a stream on blue light from it. Barton pushes Fury out the way. The guards open fire. Loki jumps at them, firing more energy and fighting. Shooting scientists and agents. Barton moves towards him but This doesn\u2019t have to get any messier. We have no quarrel with your people. You planning to step on us? Free from what? Yeah, you say peace. I kinda think you mean the other thing. Like the pharaohs of old. (into his radio) Do you copy? 14 (over Hill\u2019s radio) Barton...has turned. Barton pulls his gun and fires at Hill, who rolls behind the back room wall and returns fire. Barton enters the driver\u2019s seat of the pickup and drives off with Loki is in the bed. 15 (into radio) Get the Tesseract. Shut them down. 16 (into radio) The Tesseract is with a hostile force. I have men down. Hill? (over Hill\u2019s radio) Sound a general call. I want every living soul... (into radio) ...not working rescue looking for that briefcase. (into radio) Coulson, get back to base. (over Coulson\u2019s radio) This is a level seven. (over Hill\u2019s radio) As of right now... (into his radio) We are at war. You ever been in a war, councilman? In a fire fight? Did you feel an over abundance of control? Not Asgard, Loki. Our intelligence says Thor is not a hostile. But he\u2019s worlds away and we can\u2019t depend on him to help either. It\u2019s up to us. Phase Two isn\u2019t ready; our enemy is. We need a response team. This isn\u2019t about the Avengers. I\u2019m not leaving anything to anyone. We need a response team. These people may be isolated, unbalanced even, but I believe, with the right push, they can be exactly what we need. (across the room) Trouble sleeping? Then you should be out, celebrating, seeing the world. We\u2019ve made some mistakes along the way, some very recently. I am. Trying to save it. Fury hands Steve a folder with information on the Tesseract in it. Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you. He thought what we think. The Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy. That\u2019s something the world sorely He\u2019s called Loki. He\u2019s- not from around here. There\u2019s a lot we\u2019ll have to bring you up to speed on if you\u2019re in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know. Ten bucks says you\u2019re wrong. There\u2019s a debriefing packet waiting for you back at your apartment. Is there anything you can tell us about the Tesseract that we ought to know now? Good! Let\u2019s vanish. (to Steve and Banner) Gentlemen. Steve slips Fury the ten dollars he bet earlier, in regards to nothing being able to surprise him. (to Banner) Doctor, thank you for coming. Once we get our hands on the Tesseract, you\u2019re in the wind. Agent Romanoff, would you show Doctor Banner to his laboratory, please? Natasha walks over to Banner and they begin walking out of the bridge area. Hill, did you tell the council that Barton had been compromised? Doesn\u2019t appear that I have to. 51 (over quinjet radio) He saying anything? (over quinjet radio) Just get him here, we\u2019re low on time. 66 In case it\u2019s unclear, you try to escape- you so much as scratch that glass- Fury pushes a button and the floor beneath the cell drops away to nothing, the wind screams. Thirty thousand feet straight down Built for something a lot stronger than you. Well, let me know if \u2019real power\u2019 wants a magazine or something. Fury exits. 80 Doctor Banner is only here to track the Cube. I was hoping you might join him. I don\u2019t know about that, but it is powered by the Cube. And I like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys. War hasn\u2019t started yet. You think you can make Loki tell us where the Tesseract is? A lot of guys think that, until the pain starts. I\u2019m asking, what are you prepared to do? Then why do I feel like he\u2019s the only person on this boat that wants to be here? 86 What are you doing, Mr. Stark? You\u2019re supposed to be locating the Tesseract. Rogers, we gathered everything related to the Tesseract. This does not mean that we\u2019re- (pointing at Thor) Because of him. Last year earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge match that leveled a small town. We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly- hilariously, out-gunned. But you\u2019re not the only people out there, are you? And, you\u2019re not the only threat. The world\u2019s filling up with people who can\u2019t be matched, they can\u2019t be controlled. You forced our hand! We had to come up with some- Remind me again how you made your fortune, Stark? Excuse me, did we come to your planet and blow stuff up?THOR (to Thor) Tis your champion.  You need to step away. Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr. Banner back to his- The cell was just- Got it! (into earpiece) Hill! 104 (into earpiece) Stark, you copy that? (over Coulson\u2019s earpiece) Coulson, initiate defensive lock down in the contingent center. Then get to the armory. 107 (into earpiece) Romanoff! 108 Bring the carrier to a one-eight-zero south. Take us to the water. Is the sun coming up? Then put us on the left. Get us over water. One more turbine goes down then we drop. 115 We need full evac on the lower hangar bed. Hill nods and walks up and signals some agents. A small device rolls over to their feet. Get his attention. (to himself) They are not getting through here so what the- Barton fires arrows from above and they explode. He fires another which hits the control panel. Fury sees him and begins to shoot, while the arrow, having hit a plug, hacks (over Natasha\u2019s earpiece) It\u2019s Barton, he took out our systems. He\u2019s headed for the detention lab. Does anybody copy? (over earpiece) Stark, we\u2019re losing altitude. Just stay awake. Eyes on me. Not an option. (over Hill\u2019s earpiece) Agent Coulson is down. Hill pushes the doctor away. 142 (over their earpiece) They called it. 144 These were in Phil Coulson\u2019s jacket. Guess he never did get you to sign them. Fury scatters them on the table. Some are wet with blood. We\u2019re dead in the air up here. Our communications, location of the Agent Hill. (staring at the cards) They needed the push. He sees the quinjet and Iron Man take off towards the city. They found it. Get our communications back up, whatever you have to do. I want eyes on everything. (angry) I recognize the council has made a decision, but given that it\u2019s a stupid ass decision, I\u2019ve elected to ignore it. (angry) Until I\u2019m certain my team can\u2019t hold it, I will not order a nuclear strike against a civilian population. I\u2019d send that bird out, we already have. Fury hangs up on them. 185 Stark, you hear me? You have a missile headed straight for the city. 198 (over radio) Three minutes. Max. Stay load can wipe out mid-town. I\u2019m not currently tracking their whereabouts. I\u2019d say they\u2019ve earned a leave of absence. I didn\u2019t make it. I just didn\u2019t argue with the god that did. Every world knows it! They\u2019ll come back! The reach the air deck. I am. Fury looks out over the helicarrier. Because we\u2019ll need them to. Hill nods, in respect. She turns and walks back over the bridge and takes a folder from a", "AGENT COULSON": "That\u2019s the problem, sir. We don\u2019t know. 5 ...energy surge from the Tesseract four hours ago. He wasn\u2019t testing it. He wasn\u2019t even in the room. Spontaneous event. Climbing. When Selvig couldn\u2019t shut it down we ordered evac. Campus should be clear in the next half hour. (to guards) Let\u2019s just go. No-no-no! Leave it, leave it. (into radio) We\u2019re clear upstairs, sir... 22 (over Fury\u2019s radio) Director. (into his radio) What do we do? Fury thinks, as the (over the cell) This takes precedence. (into cell) Natasha...Barton\u2019s been compromised. (over cell) We don\u2019t know. (into phone) We think so. Coulson is looking at a screen that\u2019s playing a video of Hawkeye & Black Widow in Budapest. We\u2019ll brief you on everything when you get back. Oh I\u2019ve got Stark! You get the big guy. (on phone screen) Mr. Stark, we need to talk. (on phone screen) This is urgent. I can\u2019t stay. (handing Tony the laptop) We need you to look this over, as soon as possible. Tony stares at the laptop. This isn\u2019t a consultation. This isn\u2019t about personality profiles anymore. I can drop you off. A lot of people were. You were the world\u2019s first superhero. Banner thought Gamma radiation might hold the key to unlocking Erskine\u2019s original formula. Not so much. When he\u2019s not that thing though, guy\u2019s like a Stephen Hawking. Rogers looks confused. He\u2019s like a- smart person. I gotta say- it\u2019s an honor to meet you, Oh you are, absolutely. Ah- we made some modifications to the uniform. I had a little design input. Everything that\u2019s happening, the things that are about to come to light, people might just need a little old-fashioned. 43 Agent Romanoff- Captain Rogers. See you there. Coulson, leaves as Natasha and Steve get to know each other while walking. We\u2019re sweeping every wirelessly accessible camera on the planet. Cell phones... Steve stands in the b.g. confused of what\u2019s being said. While Coulson is talking, Natasha moves over to a computer screen where we see Barton\u2019s face trace in progress. She I mean, if it\u2019s not too much trouble. It\u2019s a vintage set. Took me a couple of years to collect them all. Near mint, slight foxing around the edges but- Location? ...moved Jane Foster. We\u2019ve got an excellent observatory in Troms\u00f8. She was asked to consult there very suddenly yesterday. Handsome fee, private plane, very remote. She\u2019ll be safe. He talks about you a lot. You changed his life. You changed everything around here. Like what? No. Move away please. Loki steps back from the panel. Coulson gestures to the gun. Do you like this? We started working on the prototype after you sent the Destroyer. Even I don\u2019t know what it does. Do you wanna You\u2019re going to lose. It\u2019s in your nature, You lack conviction. I\u2019m sorry boss. They got rabbited. Oh I\u2019m clockin\u2019 out here. It\u2019s okay, boss. This was never gonna work- if they didn\u2019t have something- to His breathing halts and Fury stands to let the medical team through. He leans against the railing. 141", "MARIA HILL": "Sir, evacuation may be futile. If we can\u2019t control the Tesseract\u2019s energy there may not be a minimum safe distance. Sir, is that really a priority right now? Yes, Sir. (to guards) With me. Fury enters the Tesseract room. 8 (seeing Loki) Who\u2019s that? (into radio; getting out of crushed jeep) A lot of men still under. Don\u2019t know how many survivors. (into radio) Roger that. All engines operating. Engage retro reflection panels. 49 Was that not procedure? Fury walks off the bridge and onto the air deck, where he looks out. (attitude) He turns! When did you become an expert in thermonuclear astrophysics? Number Three engine is down. We lose one more engine we won\u2019t be. (into earpiece) Somebody\u2019s gotta get outside and patch that engine. 105  Sir, the Hulk will tear this place apart! (into earpiece) Escort 6-Oh, proceed to Wishbone and... 124 (over jet radio) ...engage hostile. Don\u2019t get too close. Sir. Those cards, they were in Coulson\u2019s locker, not in his jacket. Sir. The council is on. 175 (to Fury) ...They\u2019ve gone their separate ways, some pretty extremely far. We get into a situation like this again, what happens then? Really sure about that? Why?", "SELVIG": "Director. The Tesseract is misbehaving. No, it\u2019s not funny at all. The Tesseract is not only active, she\u2019s misbehaving. She\u2019s an energy source. We turn off the power, she turns it back on. If she reaches peak level- We don\u2019t have the harness. My calculations are far from complete. She\u2019s throwing off interference, radiation. Nothing harmful, low levels of Gamma radiation. The hawk? Up in his nest, as usual. What\u2019s that? It sparks again. 9 Loki, brother of Thor? He\u2019s right. The portal is collapsing in on itself. We\u2019ve got maybe two minutes before this goes critical. Put it over there. (to Barton) Where did you find all these people? Yeah. Iridium. It\u2019s found in meteorites, it forms anti-protons. It\u2019s very hard to get hold of. Well, I didn\u2019t know. Loki walks up. (to Loki) Hey! This is wonderful. The Tesseract has shown me so much. It\u2019s- it\u2019s more than knowledge, (laughing) Stick in the mud. He\u2019s got no soul. No wonder you chose this, this tomb to work in. Loki\u2019s scepter, the energy- the Tesseract can\u2019t fight. You can\u2019t protect against yourself. Well, actually I think I did. I built in a safety to cut the power source. It may be able to close the portal. And I\u2019m looking right at it. Selvig looks down to the platform below, where Loki\u2019s scepter lies dropped from when Hulk took him out. 191 Right at the crown! Natasha begins to push the spear through the barrier surrounding the cube, it\u2019s hard to break.", "FURY (V.O)": "(sturn) I gave you this detail so you could keep a close eye on things. Fury and Barton walk together toward the Tesseract machine. How desperate am The Tesseract is where belongs...out of our reach. They surely are, and the whole world knows it. A promise .", "BARTON": "I see better from a distance. No one\u2019s come and gone. And Selvig\u2019s clean. No contacts, no Yeah. The Cube is a doorway to the other end of space, right? Doors open from both sides. The Cube sparks. (to Loki) Sir, Director Fury is stalling. This place is about to blow and drop a hundred feet of rock on us. He means to bury us. We need this vehicles. Didn\u2019t tell me. The roof is slowly crumbling. Loki gets onto a  Especially if My next target. (snapping) Well, the Radisson doesn\u2019t have three levels of lead lined flooring between You\u2019re going to have to contend with him sir. As long as he\u2019s in the air, I can\u2019t pin him down. And he\u2019ll be putting together a team. To each other more than likely. But if Fury can get \u2019em on track, and he might, they could throw some noise our way. He\u2019s got a clear line of sight. It might be. I was disoriented, and I\u2019m not at my best with a gun. If you\u2019re set on making yourself known. I could be useful. I need a distraction. And an eyeball. 52 (to three of his men) Keep that engine down. (to two others) Detention, wait for camera to go dark. (to last two) You know that? Is that what you know? I gotta go in though. I have to flush him out. You don\u2019t understand. Have you ever had someone take your brain and play? Pull you out and stuff something else in? You know what it\u2019s like to be unmade? Why am I back? How did you get him out? Thanks. Natasha begins to remove the strap restraints. Natasha, how many agents? Loki. He get away? Didn\u2019t need to know. Didn\u2019t ask. He\u2019s gonna make his play soon though. Today. Natasha walks to the door. Yeah? Who\u2019s we? Well, if I put an arrow through Loki\u2019s eye socket I\u2019d sleep better I suppose. But you don\u2019t. You\u2019re a spy, not a soldier. Now you want to wade into a war. Why? What did Loki do to you? Natasha. I can. Cap looks at Natasha, who nods. Yeah. Nat! We\u2019ve got civilians trapped. Loki flies over them on the flying crafts. Captain, it would be my genuine pleasure. Barton grabs a arrow and shoots it, hitting one alien in the head, the arrow quickly separates into more arrows, killing three Chitauri aliens. Cap leaves the other two fighting and jumps off an overpass, (readying some arrows) Oh yeah! Get in line. (to Iron Man) Wanna give me a lift? Stark. You gotta lot of strays on your tail. 176 Well they can\u2019t bank worth a damn. Barton shoots at crafts. He misses, shooting behind his back without looking -- but the arrow hits another craft, causing it to explode. (over radio) Well, Thor\u2019s taking out a squadron down on 6th. (over earpiece) Captain, the bank on 42nd, past Madison. They cornered a lot of civilians in there. Nat, what are you doing? I got it. Barton aims and fires. Loki catches the arrow inches from his face and looks first at it, then at Barton, smirking. The arrow explodes, sending Loki crashing onto the platform at the top of Stark Tower.", "NASA SCIENTIST": "Doctor! It\u2019s spiking again. Barton and Fury step onto the platform, in front of the Tesseract machine.", "LOKI": "(to Fury, turning around) Please don\u2019t. I still need that. Of course it does. I\u2019ve come too far for anything else. I am Loki, of Asgard. And I am burdened with glorious purpose. Selvig, checking the pulse of An ant has no quarrel with a boot. I come with glad tidings, of a world made free. Freedom. Freedom is life\u2019s great lie. Once you accept that, in your heart- Loki turns and places the spear tip on Selvig\u2019s chest. -you will know peace. Barton sees the Tesseract portal cloud, brewing and moves to Well then. Barton quickly draws his gun and shoots Fury, who drops the case. Barton picks up as he, Loki, Selvig and another agent leave the room. 12 Let them goad themselves. I will lead them in a glorious battle. Glorious not lengthy- if your force is as formidable as you claim. I was a king! The rightful king of Asgard, betrayed. You don\u2019t have the Tesseract yet. The Chitauri creature lunges at Loki, hissing. I don\u2019t threaten. But until I open the doors, until your force is mine to command, you are but words. I know. It, ah- it touches everyone differently. (to Barton) What did it show you Agent Barton? I see why Fury chose you to guard it. Are they a threat? You admire Fury. Is that why you failed to kill him? I want to know everything you can tell me about this team of his. I would- test their mettle. Barton nods. I am weary of scuttling in shadow. I mean to rule this world, not Oh yes. Tell me what you need. Barton walks over to a small case, opens it, then takes out his bow. He flicks it open. Kneel before me. I said- There are no men like me. Look to your elder, people. Let him be an example. Loki fires his scepter but Captain America jumps in front of the man -- deflecting the beam off his shield causing it to hit Loki, who falls to the ground. The soldier- Loki rises to his feet. -the man out of time. Kneel! I\u2019m not overly fond of what follows. Loki looks to the sky. 67 Oh-ho, I missed you too. Oh, you should thank me. With the Bifrost gone, how many dark energy did the All-Father have to muster to conjure you here? Your precious Earth. Thor drops his hammer, Mjolnir, and pulls Loki to his feet. Did you mourn? Your father. He did tell you my true parentage, did he not? I remember a shadow, living in the shade of your greatness. I remember you tossing me into an abyss. I who was and should be king! Well yes. I\u2019ve seen worlds you\u2019ve never known about. I have grown, Odinson, in my exile. I have seen the true power of the Tesseract, and when I wield it- I am a king! I don\u2019t have it. Thor summons Mjolnir and holds it ready. You need the Cube to bring me home but I\u2019ve sent it off I know not where. I\u2019m listening? 72 It\u2019s an impressive cage. Not built, I think, for me. Oh I\u2019ve heard. (turns to a camera)... 76 Ooh. It burns you to have come so close, to have the Tesseract, to have power- unlimited power, and for what? (smiles and faces the camera) Hm. There\u2019s not many people that can sneak up on me. After. After whatever tortures Fury can concoct, you would appear as a friend, as a balm. And I would cooperate. I\u2019d say I\u2019ve expanded his mind. Tell me. And what will you do if I vow to spare him? Ah, no. But I like this. Your world in the balance, and you bargain for one man? And what are you now? Can you? Can you wipe out that much red? Drakov\u2019s daughter? Sao Paulo? The hospital fire? Barton told me everything. Your ledger is dripping, it\u2019s gushing red, and you think saving a man no more virtuous I won\u2019t touch Barton! Not until I make him kill you. Slowly, intimately, in every way he knows you fear. Natasha becomes scared out of her mind. And then he\u2019ll wake just long (grinning menacingly) Oh, no. You brought the monster. Natasha lifts her head and turns to face Loki -- her face is dry. What? Natasha begins to exit the room. Are you ever not going to fall for that? 130 (laughs) The humans think us immortal. Shall we test that? Loki moves to open the chute beneath the cell, dropping Thor to, what for any regular person, would be certain death. Coulson suddenly appears, wielding a large prototype Phase Am your heroes are scattered, your floating fortress falls from the sky. Where is my disadvantage? I don\u2019t think Please tell me you\u2019re going to appeal to my humanity. You should have left your armor on for that. Stalling me won\u2019t change anything. The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that. What have I to fear? Yes, I\u2019m met them. That was the plan. Tony begins to walk to the center of the penthouse where Loki is. I have an army. Oh, I thought the beast had wandered off. How will your friends have time for me, when they\u2019re so busy fighting you? Loki walks up to Tony, and places the tip of the scepter over his heart. It clinks against the arc reactor. This usually works. You will all fall before me. You can\u2019t. There is no stopping it. There is only the war! It\u2019s too late. It\u2019s too late to stop it. Sentiment! Thor gets back up and lifts Loki, then drops him. Loki rolls himself off the edge of the building, only to land on one of the flying Chitauri crafts. He flies off with a troop of Chitauri. 170 Send the rest. The Avengers look up, watching as more Leviathans and hundreds of warriors fly through the portal.  If it\u2019s all the same to you, I\u2019ll have that drink now. 213", "GEORGI LUCHKOV": "(in Russian) This isn\u2019t how I wanted this evening to go. (in Russian) Who are you working for? Lermentov, yes? (in Russian) Solohob. A bagman, a front. Your outdated information betrays you. The famous Black Widow is just another pretty face. (in Russian) Tell Lermentov we don\u2019t need him to move the tanks. Tell him he is out. Well... Luchkov picks up a tool of the table and plays with it. ...You may have to write it. (in Russian; into cell) You listen carefully- (to Tall Thug) I not- give everything. Natasha gives Luchkov a look.", "NATASHA": "(in Russian) I know how you wanted this evening. Believe me this is better. (in Russian) I thought General Solohob is in charge of the export business. (in Russian) You really think I\u2019m pretty? (into cell) Are you kidding? I\u2019m working. (into cell) I\u2019m in the middle of an interrogation, and this moron is giving me everything. (into cell) Look, you can\u2019t pull me out of this right now. (into cell) Let me put you on hold. Luchkov moves in for the cell phone. Natasha kicks him between the legs and headbutts him. But he\u2019s alive? (into cell) Coulson, you know that Stark trusts me about as far as he can throw me. (in Russian; quietly) My God. 31 You know, for a man who\u2019s supposed to be... Natasha reveals herself to Banner from behind a curtain. Then what is it? Yoga? Just you and me. (a little nervous) I did. Natasha Romanoff. No, no. Of course not. I\u2019m here on behalf of We never lost you, Doctor. We\u2019ve kept our distance, even helped keep some other interested parties off your scent. Nick Fury seems to trust you. But now we need you to come in. (seductive, sturn, smiling) I\u2019ll persuade you. You\u2019ve been more than a year without an incident. I don\u2019t think you want to break that streak. Banner pushes at an old wooden cradle, it creaks. Doctor, we\u2019re facing a potential global catastrophe. This (takes a seat) is the Tesseract. Natasha slides a cell phone along the table. On it is an image of the Tesseract. It has the potential energy to wipe out the planet. He wants you to find it. It\u2019s been taken. It emits a Gamma signature that\u2019s too weak for us to trace. No one knows Gamma radiation like you do. If there was, that\u2019s where I\u2019d be. Not that he\u2019s told me. Talk to Fury, he needs you on this. No one\u2019s going to put you in a- (quietly into her earpiece) Stand down. We\u2019re good here. The horde of armed guards surrounding the shack lower their weapons. Hi. (to Coulson) They need you on the bridge; they\u2019re starting the face trace. It was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice. Thought Coulson was gonna swoon. Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet? They\u2019re vintage. He\u2019s very proud. They see Banner who is bumping into people while he observes the carrier. Gentlemen, you might wanna step inside in a minute. It\u2019s gonna get a little had to breathe. It\u2019s still not gonna find them in time. You\u2019re gonna love it, Doc. We got all the toys. I\u2019m not sure- (over speaker) Loki, drop the weapon and stand down. Loki fires at the jet and it banks hard to avoid it. Cap attacks Loki and the two fight. Loki knocks Cap\u2019s shield to the side and forces him down with his scepter. (to co-pilot) Guy\u2019s all over the place. (into headset) Not a word. Where\u2019s this come from? Loki leans forward, looking around. Another Asgardian? Doesn\u2019t matter. If he frees Loki, or kills him, the Tesseract\u2019s lost. Iron Man begins walking to the edge of the ramp. I\u2019d sit this one out, Cap. These guys come from legend, they\u2019re basically Gods. Loki has them under some kind of spell- along with one of ours. He killed eighty people in two days. But you figured I\u2019d come. I wanna know what you\u2019ve done to Agent Barton. And once you\u2019ve won. Once you\u2019re king of the mountain. What happens to his mind? Love is for children. I owe him a debt. Before I worked for Not let you out. Regime\u2019s fall everyday. I tend not to weep over that, I\u2019m Russian, or I was. It\u2019s really not that complicated. I got red in my ledger. I\u2019d like to wipe it out. You\u2019re a monster! So, Banner? That\u2019s your play. (into earpiece) Loki means to unleash the Hulk. Keep Banner in the lab, I\u2019m on my way. Send Thor as well. She stops and faces Loki. Thank you, for your cooperation! You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, doctor? Loki\u2019s manipulating you. You didn\u2019t come here because I bat my eyelashes at you. (to Banner) We all are!FURY That\u2019s not your concern doctor! As they argue over one another & the scepter glows strongly. (into earpiece) Okay! Doctor? Bruce, you gotta fight it. This is just what Loki wants. We\u2019re gonna be okay. Listen to me. Two We\u2019re gonna be okay. Right? I swear on my life I will get you out of this, you will walk away, and never ever -- Bruce. The transformation completes and Banner\u2019s alter ego, the Hulk, gets unsteadily to his feet, and roars. Romanoff wrenches her foot free and stands looking -- and the Hulk turns to look at her. She turns and runs up the catwalk stairs as the Hulk chases her. (into earpiece) This is Agent Romanoff. I copy. Natasha staggers to her feet. Ready. Clint, you\u2019re gonna be alright. You gotta level out, it\u2019s gonna take time. You know that I do. Cognitive recalibration. I hit you really hard in the head. Don\u2019t. Don\u2019t do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic and nothing we were ever trained for. Yeah. I don\u2019t suppose you know where? We gotta stop him. I don\u2019t know. Whoever is left. Now you sound like you. I\u2019ve been compromised. I got red in my ledger. I\u2019d like to wipe it out. 148 Go where? (over I see \u2019em. We got this. It\u2019s good. Go! Just like Budapest all over again! How do we do this? I\u2019ve seen worse. No, we could- use a little worse. (stuttering) I don\u2019t see how that\u2019s a party. Iron Man draws the creature low and it skims the road. Banner turns an begins to walk away, towards the Leviathan. Guys? Captain, none of this is gonna mean a damn thing if we don\u2019t close that portal. Well, maybe it\u2019s not about guns. I got a ride. I could use a boost though. Yeah, it\u2019s gonna be fun! Natasha runs at Rogers, who uses his shield to boost her up. She grabs on to a passing Chitauri vehicle. Cap looks up as she flies off in the distance. He looks to his right and there are more warriors coming. Oh you! (into radio) Hawkeye! 186 Uh, a little help! Barton nocks an arrow, waiting for Natasha and Loki to come past. Doctor. She kneels. It\u2019s not your fault. You didn\u2019t know what you were doing. Loki\u2019s scepter. (into earpiece) I can close it. Can anybody copy? I can shut the portal down! Come on, Stark.", "WEASELLY THUG": "It\u2019s for her. Luchkov takes the phone.", "NATASHA (CONT\u2019D)": "(into cell) Where\u2019s Barton now? ...avoiding stress, you picked a hell of a place to settle. (quietly, to herself) We\u2019re okay, right? 109 Turn, turn, Ah!", "END INTERCUT": "Natasha stops in her tracks, shocked at what Coulson has just said. Rogers makes his way over to the lever. 119 Iron Man is pushed back up against one of the rotors, now spinning too fast for him to escape. Iron Man flies by Hawkeye who fires at the crafts, blowing them up. Iron Man swerves behind two crafts and fires at them. He continues taking a series of quick turns as the Chitauri quickly drop, crash, or follow. Natasha jumps off the craft. She flips in the air, landing onto... 187", "CALCUTTA WOMAN": "(in Hindi) Who are you? Get out! There is sickness here!", "YOUNG GIRL": "(very fast in Hindi) Are you the doctor? I need a doctor. My father. My father\u2019s not waking up! He has a fever and he\u2019s moaning but his eyes won\u2019t open. Banner hears and moves over to the (in Hindi) My father-", "BANNER": "(in Hindi) Slow down. (in Hindi) Like them? Banner points to the people in the house that are sick. (quietly to himself) Should have got paid upfront Banner. (putting his bag down) Avoiding stress isn\u2019t the secret. And you brought me to the end of the city. Smart. (peeping through the window) And your actress buddy? She a spy too, they start that wrong? Who are you? Are you here to kill me, Ms Romanoff? \u2019Cause that\u2019s not going to work out for everyone. (a little mad) Why? What if I say no? (a little sad and reluctant) And what if the- Other Guy says no? Well, I don\u2019t every time get what I want. (chuckles) Oh those I actively try to avoid. What does Fury want me to do? Swallow it? So Fury isn\u2019t after the monster? And he tells you everything? (immediate response) He needs me in a cage?  Just you and me? Natasha realizes he knows and stands silent. 34 Oh, yeah, hi. They told me you\u2019d be coming. Is that the only word on me? Must be strange for you, all of this. Really, they want me in a submerged pressurized metal container? Propellers begin to spin and the carrier begins to lift into the air. Oh no, this is much worse. The helicarrier begins ascending higher and higher. Thanks for asking nicely. So, um, how long am I staying? Well where are you with that? You have to narrow your field. How many Spectrometers do you have access to? Call every lab you know. Tell them to put the Spectrometers on the roof and calibrate them for Gamma rays. I\u2019ll rough out a tracking algorithm, basic cluster recognition. At least we could rule Really? Do you have the com-meter sixty-four? (cutting her off) Oh you\u2019re very young. Fury walks up to Hill. He really grows on you doesn\u2019t he? So, he\u2019s building another portal. That\u2019s what he needs Erik Selvig for. He\u2019s an astrophysicist. I don\u2019t think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy\u2019s brain is a bag full of cats, you can small crazy on him. I think it\u2019s about the mechanics. Iridium, what do they need the Iridium for? Tony and Coulson come walking in. He\u2019s have to heat the Cube to a hundred and twenty million kelvin just to break through the Coulomb barrier. Well, if he could do that he could achieve heavy-ion fusion at any reactor on the planet. ...Thanks. Fury enters. This way, sir. The two men walk off. The Gamma readings are definitely consistent with Selvig\u2019s reports on the Tesseract. But it\u2019s gonna take weeks to process. Stark works on a screen. All I packed was a toothbrush. Thanks but...last time I was in New York I kind of broke...Harlem. Ow! No it\u2019s alright. I wouldn\u2019t have come aboard if I couldn\u2019t handle pointy things. Uh, Aah, I just wanna finish my work here and- A warm light for all mankind,\" Loki\u2019s jab at Fury about the Cube. Well, I think that was meant for you. He gestures to Stark, who offers him a blueberry. Even if Barton didn\u2019t tell Loki about the tower, it was still all over the news. It\u2019s powered by an arc reactor, self-sustaining energy source. That building will run itself for, what, a year? So, why didn\u2019t Steve, tell me none of this smells a little funky to you? Guy\u2019s not wrong about Loki, he does have the jump on us. I\u2019ll read all about it. Now, you see I don\u2019t get a suit of armor. I\u2019m exposed, like a nerve, it\u2019s a nightmare. But you can control it. So you\u2019re saying that the Hulk- the Other Guy- saved my life? That\u2019s nice. That\u2019s nice sentiment. Saved it for- what? You may not enjoy that. We are, the model\u2019s locked and we\u2019re sweeping for the signature now. When we get a hit, we\u2019ll have the location within half a mile. Did you know about this? (laughs) I was in Calcutta, I was pretty well removed. And you\u2019ve been doing what exactly? Yes, and I\u2019m not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy. It\u2019s his   Sorry, kids. You don\u2019t get to see my party trick after all. Oh-my-god. 96 (growling) Your life? His voice has the change in it -- the bitter amusement is morphing to a growled threat. Banner begins to transform into the Hulk, shirt tearing, he throws himself away from Romanoff, who looks terrified, then he turns to look at her, Did I hurt anyone? Lucky. You saw? Thank you. No. Sorry? You know- I\u2019m not even sure. Stark Tower. I know where I could do the most good, but it\u2019s where I can do the most harm. I don\u2019t know which way to go. So, this all seems horrible. That\u2019s my secret, Cap. I\u2019m always angry. Banner transforms into the Hulk and punches the Leviathan, smashing it into the ground.", "COUNCILMAN": "This is out of line, Director. You\u2019re dealing with forces you can\u2019t control. You\u2019re saying that this Asgard is declaring war on our planet? Which is why you should be focusing on Phase Two, it was designed for exactly this purpose. The Avengers Initiative was shut down. We\u2019re running the world\u2019s greatest covert security network and you\u2019re gonna leave the fate of the human race to a handful of freaks. War isn\u2019t won by sentiment, Director. Director, you\u2019re closer than any of our subs, you scramble that jet- Hill is breathing nervously, panicking, as she listens and watches. If we don\u2019t hold them in the air, we lose everything. That\u2019s not your call. Was that the point in all this? A statement.", "COUNCILWOMAN": "He can\u2019t be working alone. What about the other one, his brother? You believe! (over radio) Director Fury is no longer in command. Override seven-alpha-one-one.", "SCIENTIST (V.O)": "Oh my God. This guy\u2019s still alive. Steve throws the hardest punch he has left and it knocks the bag across the room. Breathing hard, Steve picks up another bag from a line on the floor and hangs it up. He begins to hit it. And-", "STEVE": "(hitting the bag) Slept for seventy years, Sir. I think I\u2019ve had my fill. Fury slowly approaches Steve. When I went under, the world was at war. I wake up- they say we won. They didn\u2019t say what we lost. (removing hand wrap) You here with a mission, Sir? (removing other hand wrap) Trying to get me back in the world? HYDRA\u2019s secret weapon. Who took it from you? At this point I doubt anything would surprise me. Steve gets up, grabs his duffel bag, and another punching bag while Fury is talking. You should have left it in the ocean. Steve exits. 36 So, this Doctor Banner was trying to replicate the serum they used on me? Didn\u2019t really go his way, did it? Well, I hope I\u2019m the man for the job. The uniform? Aren\u2019t the stars and stripes a little...old-fashioned? Ma\u2019am. Trading cards? Doctor Banner. Word is you can find the Cube. Only word I care about. Well, this is actually kind of familiar. Is this a submarine? No-no, it\u2019s fine. I don\u2019t like it. I don\u2019t remember it being that easy. This guy packs a wallop. Fury didn\u2019t tell me he was calling you in. (to Loki) What\u2019s the matter? Scared of a little lightening? Loki\u2019s gonna drag this out. So, Thor, what\u2019s his play? An army, from outer space? I wanna know why Loki let us take him. He\u2019s not leading an army from here. Does Loki need any particular kind of power source? (to the others) Is that what just happened? Stark and Banner shake hands. I\u2019d start with that stick of his. It may be magical but it works an awful lot like a I do! The entire room goes instantly silent, staring at Steve. Hey! Are you nuts? Is everything a joke to you? Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn\u2019t funny. No offense, Doc. And you need to focus on the problem, Mister Stark. You think Fury\u2019s hiding something? Doctor? I heard it. The Stark Tower? That big ugly- Stark gives him a look. -building in New York? I\u2019m sorry did you say- Yet you\u2019re confused about why they didn\u2019t want you around. I think Loki\u2019s trying to wind us up. This is a man who means to start a war and if we don\u2019t stay focused he\u2019ll succeed. We have orders, we should follow them. And you\u2019re all about style, aren\u2019t you? Just find the Cube. Cap exits the lab, pauses and turns, walking off in another direction. Phase Two is I was wrong, Director. The world hasn\u2019t changed a bit. Thor and Natasha enter. Banner looks to her. Like you controlled the cube! A higher form?! I\u2019m sure if he still made weapons, Stark would be neck deep- I\u2019m sorry, isn\u2019t everything? You know damn well why! Back off! Yeah, big man in a suit of armor. Take that off, what are you? I know guys with none of that worth ten of you. I\u2019ve seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You\u2019re not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other Always a way out. You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero. Put on the suit, let\u2019s go a few rounds. Doctor Banner, put down the scepter. Banner looks down, surprised, to see the spear in his hand. The monitor makes a noise, signaling the Tesseract has been located. Banner puts the scepter back on the table and walks over to the screen on the other side of the room. Look, all of us-NOVAR The Tesseract belongs on Asgard, no human is a match for it. You\u2019re not going alone! Tony smacks his hand. Put on the suit, let\u2019s find out! Put on the suit. Banner sees something on the monitor. Put on the suit. Stark! Stark, I\u2019m here. Tony, in full Iron Man armor flies close to the engine. It seems to run on some form of electricity. (over Iron Man\u2019s helmet) \u2019Kay, the relays are intact. Cap pushes the engine control panel back in. What\u2019s our next move? The Well, if that thing gets up to speed, you\u2019ll get shredded! Speak English! i need a minute here! Was he married? I\u2019m sorry. He seemed like a good man. Why? For believing? He was doing his job. Sometimes there isn\u2019t a way out, Tony. Is this the first time you\u2019ve lost a soldier? Neither am That\u2019s not the point. To tear us apart. Right. I caught his act in Stuttgart. What, you gettin\u2019 sleepy? 202 Do it! Stark, these things are still coming! (over radio) Stark, you know that\u2019s a one way trip. Close it. Son of a gun! Iron Man plummets to the ground. We won.", "IRON MAN": "Good to go on this end. The rest is up to you. Make a move reindeer games. Loki\u2019s Asgardian garb fades away and he raises his hands. Good move. Cap walks over to Iron Man. The quinjet begins to land in the b.g. Captain. 64 Now there\u2019s that guy. I have a plan. Attack! Iron Man flies out of the jet and Cap makes for a parachute. -stay out of the way. Iron Man takes a few steps. Tourist. Thor throws Mjolnir, hitting Iron Man square in the chest, sending him flying, landing on his back. Uh, yeah! No! Bad call, he loves his hammer- Thor swings his hammer back, sending Iron Man behind him. Good. Let\u2019s see what we got. He begins to examine the engine, his suit scanning through the different levels of machinery. (to Steve) I need you to get to that engine control panel and tell me which relays are in overload position. Rogers jumps and swings himself over to the control panel and opens it up while Iron Man works on the engine. Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won\u2019t re-engage without a jump.... Shut it down, Dr. Selvig. (annoyed) Okay. He fires at the barrier around the device, but the Tesseract deflects it, sending the energy outwards, knocking Selvig out and Iron Man back. Yeah, I got that. Iron Man looks down to see Loki on the platform outside the penthouse. I\u2019m beat. And there\u2019s one other person you pissed off! His name is Phil. Iron Man fires a repulsor blast at Loki and he is knocked down. Meanwhile the device has powered up and shoots a stream of blue energy at the sky, which opens into a portal where the Chitauri army waits. The hoards of aliens begin to ...yay! Stark flies off and the Leviathan follows him. 172 Hold On! Iron Man blasts a missile at the creature and it explodes. Barton ditches. Thor stands taking the blast. Cap shields Natasha. The Chitauri cry out. Call it, Captain. Right. Better clench up, Legolas. Iron Man grabs Barton and flies him up to the top of a building, then flies off. How long?", "PEPPER (V.O)": "(over Iron Man headset) You disconnected the transmission lines? Are we off the grid? (over Iron Man headset) I\u2019m in (over Iron Man headset) Then get in here and I will. Iron Man lands on the landing pad of the tower and walks along a walkway, robotic arms deconstructing his armor.", "TONY": "(into headset) Stark Tower\u2019s about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy. (into headset) ...but with more- me. I\u2019m not in. I\u2019m actually out. Of course they are, I was directly involved. Which leads me to my next question. How does it feel to be a genius? Tony turns off the display and Pepper and he face each other. What do you mean? All this came from you. Give yourself some credit, please. Stark Tower is your baby. Give yourself- twelve percent of the credit. (following Pepper) Well, I did do all the heavy lifting. Literally, I lifted the heavy things and sorry but, the security snafu? That was on you. My private elevator. Pepper pours champagne in two glasses. Yeah, it was teeming with sweaty workmen. I\u2019m going to pay for that comment about percentages in some subtle way later aren\u2019t I\u2019ll tell you what, next building is gonna say \u2019Potts\u2019 on the tower. Call your mum, can you bunk over? Ah- Tony picks up his high-tech phone and holds up. You have reached the Life Model Decoy of Tony Stark. Please leave a message. Then leave it urgently. The elevator opens and Coulson comes out. Security breach. (to Pepper) That\u2019s on you! Phil? Uh, his first name is Agent. (fake smiling) Which is why he can\u2019t stay. I don\u2019t like being handed things. Official consulting hours are between eight and five every other Thursday. The Avengers Initiative was scrapped, I thought, and I didn\u2019t even qualify. Yeah, apparently I\u2019m volatile, self-obsessed, don\u2019t play well with others. Whatever! Ms. Potts, got a sec? You know, I thought we were having a moment. How would you notice- why is he Phil? This is- ah... Tony grabs the holograms on the laptop and throws them up. Holograms fill the room, each is a article on one of the Avengers. ...this! They both look upon the screens, observing them. Tomorrow. Well, what if I didn\u2019t? Square deal. Fly safe. They kiss. Coulson looks away. (over earpiece) Agent Romanoff, you miss me? The computer screen shows the message What? Rock of Ages giving up so easily? Still, you were pretty spry, for an older fellow. What\u2019s your thing? Pilates? It\u2019s like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple of things. Y\u2019know, doing time as a Cap-sicle. Yeah, there\u2019s a lot of things Fury doesn\u2019t tell you. There\u2019s a flash of lightening and a roar of thunder. Then don\u2019t take my stuff. Uh- Shakespeare in the park? Doth mother know you wear-th her drapes? He gives up the Cube, he\u2019s all yours. Until then- Faceplate drops. Okay! How bout that? It\u2019s a stabilizing agent. (to Coulson, quietly) I\u2019m saying, take a weekend; I\u2019ll fly you to Portland. Keep love alive. Coulson peels off from Tony, who is heading over to Thor. Also, means the portal can open as wide and stay open as long as Loki wants. Sounds exhausting! He begins messing with the screens, sticking something to the underside of a desk. The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. Only major component Last night. The packet, Selvig\u2019s notes, the extraction theory papers- am I the only one who did the reading? Unless, Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the Quantum Tunneling effect. Finally. Someone who speaks English. It\u2019s good to meet you, Doctor Banner. Your work on anti-electronic collisions is unparalleled. And I\u2019m a huge fan of the way you- lose control and turn into an enormous green rage Shall we play, Doctor? If we bypass their mainframe and direct route to the Homer cluster we can clock this at around six hundred teraflops. (giggles a bit) You know, you should come by Stark Tower some time. Top ten floors- all R and Well, I promise a stress free environment. No tension, no surprises. He zaps Banner in the side. Nothing? Steve approaches. Jury\u2019s out! (to Banner) You really have got a lid on it, haven\u2019t you? What\u2019s your secret? Mellow jazz, bongo drums, huge bag of weed? Funny things are. You\u2019re tip-toeing, big man. You need to strut. You think I\u2019m not? Why did Fury call us in? Why now, why not before? What isn\u2019t he telling us? I can\u2019t do the equation unless I have all the variables. He\u2019s a spy. Captain, he\u2019s the spy. His secrets have secrets. He gestures to Banner. It\u2019s bugging him to, isn\u2019t it? It\u2019s just the prototype. (to Rodgers) I\u2019m kind of the only name in clean energy right now, that\u2019s what he\u2019s getting at. I should probably look into that as soon as my decryption program finishes breaking into all of SHIELD\u2019s secure files.  An intelligence organization that fears intelligence? Historically, not awesome. Following\u2019s not really my style. Out of the people in this room, which one is That\u2019s the guy my dad never shut up about? Wondering if they shouldn\u2019t have kept him on ice. What he\u2019s got is an Mhm, or, you\u2019ll be suiting up with the rest of us. You know, I\u2019ve got a cluster shrapnel, trying every second to crawl its way into my heart. This stops it- He taps the arc reactor. -this little circle of light. It\u2019s Because I learned how. Hey, I read all about your accident. That much Gamma exposure- should\u2019ve killed you. I guess we\u2019ll find out. And you just might. 82 Uh- kind of been wondering the same thing about you. And you\u2019ll get your cube back, no muss, no fuss. What is Phase Two? I\u2019m sorry, Nick. Tony turns the screen towards Fury. It shows a plan for some a missile. What were you lying? Nuclear deterrent! \u2019Cause that always calms everything right down. Everyone becomes hostile and begin cutting each other off. Wait-Wait! Hold on! How is this now about me? (to Thor and Steve) You furious? I\u2019m furious.BANNER (to Natasha) And Captain America is on the threat poll? (to Steve) You\u2019re on that list? Are you above or below angry bees?STEVE I swear to God, Stark, one more crack... You\u2019re a threat.  Why shouldn\u2019t they guy let off a little steam? Oh, I\u2019m starting to want you to make me. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. I think I would just cut the wire. A hero, like you? You\u2019re a laboratory experiment, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle. 94 You gonna stop me? I\u2019m not afraid to hit an old man. Yep. Steve helps Tony up and the run out of the lab. 101 (over Fury\u2019s earpiece) I\u2019m on it. 106 Find engine three. I\u2019ll meet you there. Cap peels off as Tony approaches a tech room. Inside, Tony\u2019s (to himself) I gotta get this super conducting cooling system back online before I can access the rotors, work on dislodging the debris. (over Steve\u2019s earpiece) What\u2019s it look like in there? Well, you\u2019re not wrong. 116 ...I\u2019m gonna have to get in there and push. Then stay in the control unit and reverse polarity long enough to disengage maglev and that should- See that red lever? Cap looks to his side. (over Steve\u2019s earpiece) It\u2019ll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out. Stand by it, wait for my word . Yep, noticed. Cap hit the lever! Lever! Now! Cap hauls himself up. No. There was a uh- cellist, I think. He was an idiot. Tony and Steve slowly move toward each other. For taking on Loki alone. He was out of his league. He should have waited. He should have- Right. How did that work for him? We are not soldiers! I\u2019m not marching to Fury\u2019s fife. He made it personal. That is the point. That\u2019s Loki\u2019s point. He hit us all right where we live. Why? Yeah, divide and conquer is great but- he knows he has to take us out to win, right? That\u2019s what he wants. He wants to beat us, he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience. Yeah. That\u2019s just previews, this is- this is opening night. And Loki, he\u2019s a full-tail diva. He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built to the skies with his name plastered....Son Uh- actually, I\u2019m planning to threaten you. Yeah, it\u2019s seen a bit of mileage. You\u2019ve got the uh- blue stick of destiny. Would you like a drink? No, no, no- threatening. No drink? You sure? I\u2019m having one. The Avengers. It\u2019s what we call ourselves, sort of like a team. \u2019Earth\u2019s Mightiest Heroes\u2019 type of thing. Yeah, takes us a while to get any traction, I\u2019ll give you that one. But, let\u2019s do a head count here. Your brother, the Demi-God; Not a great plan. When they come, and they will, they\u2019ll come for you. We have a Hulk. Yeah- you\u2019re missing the point. There\u2019s no throne, there is no version of this, where you come out on top. Maybe your army comes and maybe it\u2019s too much for us, but it\u2019s all on you. \u2019Cause if we can\u2019t Well, performance issues. You know? Loki grabs Tony by the throat and throws him across the room.  Right! Army. 157 What, did you stop for drive-thru? Swing that park, I\u2019m gonna lay \u2019em out for you. 164 Fine. Let\u2019s keep them occupied. 166 ...Where\u2019s Banner? Has he shown up yet? Just keep me posted. It noticed me... (over their earpieces) Thor is right, we gotta deal with these guys. (over Cap\u2019s earpiece) Banner? Then tell him to suit up. I\u2019m bringing the party to you. Just tryin\u2019 to keep them off the streets. I will roger that. Nice call. What else you got? And he didn\u2019t invite me! 177   (over Cap\u2019s earpiece) No, wait. I got a nuke coming in, it\u2019s gonna blow in less than a minute. 204 And I know just where to put it. Save the rest for the turn What the hell? What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me. Alright, Hey. Alright. Good job, guys. Let\u2019s just not come in tomorrow. Let\u2019s just take a day. You ever tried shawarma? There\u2019s a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don\u2019t know what it is, And then shawarma after? 212", "PEPPER": "(on Iron Man (on Iron Man Levels are holding steady- I think. Tony approaches Pepper. Well, ah, I really wouldn\u2019t know now would No, all this came from that. Pepper taps Tony\u2019s arc reactor. Twelve percent?TONY An argument can be made for fifteen. Pepper walks toward the living room. Twelve percent of my baby? Oh! You mean our elevator. Not gonna be that subtle. On the lease! Phil! Come in! Pepper and Tony walk over to Coulson, who is entering Come on in, we\u2019re celebrating. That\u2019s fine because I love to be handed things. So, let\u2019s trade. Pepper swaps with Coulson -- he has with her glass and she has the laptop. She then takes Tony\u2019s glass and passes the laptop on to him. Thank you. Is this about the Avengers? Coulson looks at Pepper Which I know nothing about. I didn\u2019t know that either. That I did know. Half a moment. Pepper leaves Coulson at the door and goes over to Tony. I was having twelve percent of a moment. Tony gives Pepper a look. This seems serious. Phil looks pretty shaken. What is all this? I\u2019m going to take the jet to You have homework. You have a lot of homework. If you didn\u2019t? You mean when you finished? Well, um, then- She leans in and whispers in Tony\u2019s ear. Work hard. (approaching Coulson) So, any chance you\u2019re driving by LaGuardia? What?...Boo. 41", "TOWER.": "", "TONY (V.O)": "I assume. Light her up. Stark Tower lights up. (over Iron Man headset) Like Christmas... (over Iron Man headset) Pepper, you\u2019re killing me at the moment. Remember, enjoy the moment. 39 Seeing. still working on believing. ..", "JARVIS": "Sir, Agent Coulson of Sir, I\u2019m afraid he\u2019s insisting. Sir, the telephone. I\u2019m afraid my protocols are being overridden. Power at four hundred percent capacity. Sir, I turned off the arc reactor. The device is already self-sustaining It\u2019s too late! She can\u2019t stop now. She wants to show us something! A new universe. The barrier is pure energy. It\u2019s unbreachable. Sir, the Mark Seven is not ready for deployment. Sir, we have more incoming. Sir, we will lose power before we penetrate that shell. Iron Man pulls away from the Leviathan. He flies fast. I wouldn\u2019t consider him a role model. I just did. Iron Man blasts away warriors and flies off elsewhere. 199 Sir, shall I try Miss Potts? (cutting off) Sorry, Miss-", "PEPPER (O.S)": "Fantastic. Ooh, I want to hear about the ah- cellist, is that still a thing? As they are talking, Tony sees the Tesseract -- It peaks his interest.", "FACELESS PILOT": "(to Coulson) We\u2019re about forty minutes out from home base, Sir. Coulson stands from a chair and walks over to Steve.", "THE OTHER": "The Chitauri grow restless. Battle? Against the meager might of Earth. You question us? You question him? He who out the scepter in your hand, who gave you ancient knowledge and new purpose? When you were cast out- defeated! Your ambition is little, full of childish need. We look beyond the Earth to greater worlds the Tesseract will unveil. You will have your war, Asgardian. If you fail, if the Tesseract is kept from us, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice, where he cannot find you. You think you know pain? He will make you The humans, they are not the cowering wretches we were promised. They stand. They are unruly and therefore cannot be ruled.", "HELICARRIER INTERCOM": "Flight Mode. Secure the deck. There is a loud whirring and clunking sound and Banner and Rodgers make their way to the edge of the helicarrier.", "CARRIER BRIDGE": "", "BRIDGE TECH": "Power plant performing at capacity. We are clear.", "CAPTAIN AMERICA": "You know, the last time I was in Germany and saw a man standing above everybody else, we ended up disagreeing. I\u2019m not the one who\u2019s out of time. The quinjet comes in behind Cap with Black Widow inside. A gun unfolds from the underside of the plane. Not today. Cap jumps up and does a spin-kick to Loki\u2019s face. The two continue to fight. 63 Mister Stark. What are you doing? Thor enters, jumping down on the ramp. He hits Iron Man away, causing him to fall on Cap. He grabs Loki by the neck and jumps out of the plane. That guy\u2019s a friendly. Stark, we need a plan of attack. I don\u2019t see how I can. There\u2019s only one God ma\u2019am, and I\u2019m pretty sure he doesn\u2019t dress like that. Cap straps on the chute, grabs his shield, and dives out the plane, head first. That\u2019s enough! He jumps down of the tree and approaches Thor and Iron Man. Now I don\u2019t know what you plan on doing here- Then prove it. Put that hammer down. Are we done here? Thor looks around. 73 Time to go. I\u2019ll tell you on the way. Can you fly one of those jets? Barton enters from the restroom, drying his hands. Got a suit? Then suit up. Son, just don\u2019t! 152 We gotta get back up there. They run onto the overpass, looking up at Stark Tower. They freeze as they see a giant armored Leviathan -- a warship of the Chitauri, flies through the portal with more warriors. They warriors jump onto the side of buildings and into the buildings where they shoot civilians. (over radio) Banner? Loki. You think you can hold them off? (gesturing) You need men in these buildings. There are people inside and they can be running right into the line of fire. You take them to the basement or through the subway, you What\u2019s the story upstairs? As a team. Save it. Loki\u2019s gonna keep this fight focused on us and that\u2019s what we need. Without him these things could run wild. We got Stark up top, he\u2019s gonna need us to- He stops, seeing Banner arrive on a motorbike. Cap and the (into earpiece) Stark, we got him. Just like you said. Doctor Banner, now might be a really good time for you to get angry. Alright, listen up. Until we can close that portal up there, we\u2019re gonna use containment. Barton, I want you on that roof, eyes on everything. Call out patterns and strays. Stark, you got the Thor! You gotta try and bottleneck that portal, slow \u2019em down. You got the lightning, light the bastards up. Thor swings Mjolnir, flying off. Our biggest guns couldn\u2019t touch it. You wanna get up there, you\u2019re gonna need a ride. Natasha glances up, seeing the Chitauri crafts fly past. She makes her way over to the other side of the overpass. You sure about this? Cap readies his shield in front of him. I\u2019m on it. Cap walks off. 183 Everyone clear out! He is then grabbed by a warrior, who he fights and breaks free. A grenade-like device goes off and it blasts Cap out a window and onto a car after his mask is pulled back from his face. He stands silently while police lead the civilians from the building.", "THOR": "Where is the Tesseract? Do I look to be in a gaming mood? I thought you dead. We all did. Our father- We were raised together, we played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that? So you take the world I love as recompense for your imagined slights? No. The Earth is under my protection, Loki. Then you miss the truth of ruling, brother. Throne would suit you ill. Loki pushes past Thor and walks away, Thor follows. Who showed you this power? Who controls the would-be-king? Not here. You give up the Tesseract; you give up this poisonous dream! You come home. You listen well brother- Iron Man flies in, knocking him and Thor out of frame. Loki stands waiting. You have no idea what you\u2019re dealing with. This is beyond you, metal man. Loki will face Asgardian justice. I\u2019ve come here to put an end to Loki\u2019s schemes! You want me to put hammer down? Thor leaps, swinging Mjolnir, Cap raises the shield over his head. When the two connect there is a loud boom and a flash of light. The three are thrown backwards. They slowly get to their feet and come together. He has an army called the Chitauri. They\u2019re not of Asgard nor any world known. He means to lead the against your people. They will win him the Earth, in return, I suspect, for the Tesseract. Selvig? Have care how you speak. Loki is beyond reason but he is of Asgard, and he is my brother. He\u2019s adopted? Monkeys? I do not understand- Thank you. It\u2019s no accident Loki taking Erik Selvig. I dread what he plans for him once he\u2019s done. Erik is a good man. Coulson and Thor begins walking, through the bridge. They were better as they were. We pretend on Asgard that we\u2019re more advanced, but we- we come here battling like Bildschneip. Bildschneip. You know, huge, scaly, big antlers. You don\u2019t have those? Huh! Well they are repulsive, and they trample everything in their path. Thor moves over to a large window. When I first came to earth, Loki\u2019s rage followed me here and your I do not know. Loki\u2019s mind is far afield, it\u2019s not just power he craves, it\u2019s vengeance upon me. There\u2019s no pain would prise his need from him. What are you asking me to do? Loki is a prisoner. Me? My people want nothing but peace with your planet. Your work with the Tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies. It is the signal to all the realms that the earth is ready for A I thought humans were more evolved than this. Everyone begins arguing over each other. You speak of control, yet you court chaos! (laughs) You people are so petty, and tiny. Located the Tesseract?TONY I can get there faster. We\u2019re not your enemies, Banner! Try to think! Hulk punches Thor across the room and through a container. 118  Loki, turn off the Tesseract or I\u2019ll destroy it! So be it. Loki leaps at Thor and the two begin to fight, a blast from Loki\u2019s scepter sending one of the letters of Look at this! Look around you! You think this madness will end with your rule? No. We can, together. Loki pauses, then slips a knife into his hand and stabs Thor. The power surrounding the cube is impenetrable. I have unfinished business with Loki. You ready for another bout? He\u2019s not slowing down. Thor prepares to fly at Stark and catch him when the Hulk grabs him out of the air, slides down the side of a building and crashes to the ground in front of Thor and Cap. Hulk throws Iron Man off him and Thor and Cap run over. Thor pulls off Iron Man\u2019s face plate and Cap listens for a We\u2019re not finished yet.", "STEVE (CONT\u2019D)": "", "LOKI (V.O)": "...You lie and kill in the service of liars... 88 ...and killers. You pretend to be separate, to have your own code... 89 ...something that makes up for the horrors. But they are a part of you, and they will never go away. 90", "BANNER (CONT\u2019D)": "I\u2019d like to know why", "PILOT": "Arms to ammunition. Over. 93", "MAINTENANCE GUY": "You hurt? Natasha waves them away.", "SHIELD AGENT": "We\u2019re blind. Navigation re calibrated after the engine failure. Yes, sir.", "SHIELD WORKER": "Sir, we\u2019ve lost all power in Engine One. 127 (over Natasha\u2019s earpiece) A medical team is on its way to your location.", "TONY (CONT\u2019D)": "Uh-oh. Oh- boy.", "SECURITY GUARD": "You fell out of the sky. There\u2019s nobody around here to get hurt. You did scare the hell out of some pigeons though. Or just good aim. You were awake when you fell. The whole thing, right through the ceiling. Big and green and buck ass nude. Here- Are you an alien? From outer space, an alien? Well then, son, you\u2019ve got a condition. Banner steps down from the pile of rubble in the warehouse, pulling on the shirt. Are you a big guy that gets all little, or a little guy that, ah- sometimes blows up large? You got somewhere to go? I\u2019d expect some confusion of the mind, since your body\u2019s kind of all over the place, but it has to be one or the other. The Security Guard gestures Banner to follow him. Well, that\u2019s no different than anybody else. They walk out the doors. Your mind\u2019s already made up, son. The rest of you will follow. 147", "SHIELD ENGINEER": "Hey, you guys aren\u2019t authorized to be in here.", "TONY (O.S)": "Deploy! Behind Loki, the Mark Seven suit goes rocketing past and out after Stark.... 156", "NATASHA (V.O)": "(over Tony\u2019s helmet) Stark, we\u2019re on a ...", "YOUNG COP": "It\u2019s gonna be an hour before they scramble the National Guard. Do we? Cap jumps down on the car in front of them.", "POLICE SERGEANT": "National Guard! The two duck to avoid a Chitauri blast. Why the hell should I take orders from you? Two Chitauri warriors attack Cap, he fights them off easily then turns back to the two men. The two cops stand shock. The I need men in those buildings, lead the people down and away from the streets. (into radio) We gonna set up a perimeter all the way down to 39th street.", "FOLLOWING SHOT:": "Two crafts come up on Natasha, firing at her. She swerves to avoid them. The crafts are blasted away by Iron Man, who fires away at a fleet behind him. Iron Man takes a turn, coming up on the overpass, where he knocks Chitauri aliens over and lands by Cap, who is fighting and kicking Chitauri. Cap lifts his shield. Iron Man reflects a repulsor blast off", "COUNCILWOMAN (V.O)": "Director Fury. The council has made a decision. .. 184 I don\u2019t think you understand what you\u2019ve started... Natasha takes a duffel bag out of the backseat of a", "FURY (O.S)": "(angry) That is the island of Manhattan, Councilman.", "HULK": "Puny God. Loki whimpers in pain. He has been beaten into submission. 190", "SELVIG (O.S)": "The scepter. Natasha turns and walks over to Selvig.", "JET PILOT": "Seven-alpha-one-one confirmed. We\u2019re go for takeoff. 195 Package is sent. Detonation in two minutes, thirty seconds. Mark. 200", "REPORTER (V.O)": "Streets in New York City have become a battle ground. The army is here trying to contain the violence but clearly it is outmatch- Her phone starts to vibrate but she ignores it. 207 ...Billionaire Tony Stark\u2019s Iron Man- 208 Tough questions are being asked about the Avengers themselves, their sudden appearance and equally sudden disappearance.", "MALE REPORTER": "...devastation of what has been confirmed as an extraterrestrial attack, the extraordinary heroics of the group known as the Avengers-", "MALE CITIZEN": "It\u2019s really great knowing they\u2019re out there, you know. That someone\u2019s watching over us.", "FEMALE CITIZEN": "I love you, Thor!", "HUSBAND": "I just don\u2019t feel safe with those thing out there.", "WIFE": "It seems like there\u2019s a lot they\u2019re not telling us.", "STAN LEE": "Superheroes? In New York? Give me a break!", "THE SENATOR": "These so called heroes have to be held responsible for the destruction done to the city. This was their fight. Where are they now? 215", "WAITRESS (V.O)": "What, that this is all somehow their fault? 216", "WAITRESS": "Captain America saved my life. Wherever he is, and wherever any of them are, I would just- I would wanna say thank you.", "COUNCILWOMAN (O.S)": "And the Tesseract?", "COUNCILMAN (V.O)": "So you let him take it... Loki is bound and gagged in the muzzle, he is mad. As he looks upon Natasha, she whispers something into Barton\u2019s ear that makes him smile. and the war criminal Loki, who should be answering for his crime.", "THANOS.": "", "CREDITS ROLL.": "221"}, "The-Exorcist.php": {"YOUNG BOY:": "(In Iraqi language) They've found something... small pieces. (In Iraqi language) At the base of the mound. The boy runs off and the old man pulls himself to his feet to follow. The old man walks to the base of the mound where another man who looks in command is there to greet him.", "MERRIN:": "(In Iraqi language) Where? (In Iraqi language) This is strange! The man dusts the pendant and takes a look. (In Iraqi language) No thank you. The old man stands up and looks at the bus boy. We cut to a group of workers hitting there hammers on an anvil. The old man walks in there direction but stops as he sees one of the workers stop work to wipe his brow. When the worker makes eye contact with the (In Iraqi language) Evil against evil. The man at the table looks confused. (In Iraqi language) There is something I must do. Mrs. MacNeil? I'm Father Merrin. Is Father Karras here? Karras enters the foyer. Chris takes Merrin's hat and coat. Page 72/88 Father Karras. They shake hands. Are you tired? I would like you to go quickly over to the resdence Damien, and gather up a cassock for myself, two surplices, a purple stole, and some holy water, and your copy of The Roman Ritual. The Large one. I believe we should begin. Why? ( Voice Over ) Especially important is the warning to avoid conversation with the demon. We may ask what is relevant, but anything beyond that is dangerous. He is a liar, the demon is a liar. He will lie to confuse us. But he will also mix lies with the truth to attack us. The attack is psychological , Damien. And powerful. So don't listen, remember that, do not listen. There's only one. Be silent! Merrin sprinkles some holy water on her. She throws her head back and crys in pain. Merrin leans down beside her and opens up The Roman Ritual. Our Father who art in heaven... Regan spits and hits Merrin in the eye with a yellowish glob of mucus that slowly oozes down his cheek. Karras quickly hides Page 74/88 Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day, our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation. Save me o' God by thy name, by thy might defend my cause, proud men have risen up against me, men of violence seek my life, but God is my helper, the Lord sustains my life and every need he has delivered to me, glory be to the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. Save your servant Be unto her o' Lord a fortified tower. Let the enemy have no power over her. O'Lord hear my prey. The Lord be with you. Let us pray. Holy Lord, almighty Father, everlasting God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who once and for all consigned that fallen tyrant to the flames of hell. Who sent your only begotten son into the world to crush that roaring lion. Regans bed begins to jump up and down, crashing onto the floor. Regan continues to scream at the two priests. Hasten to our call for help and snatch from ruination and from the clutches of the noonday devil, this human being made in your image and likeness. Strike terror Lord, into the beast, now laying waste your vineyard, let your mighty hand cast him out of your servant, Regan Teresa MacNeil, so he may no longer hold captive this person, whom it pleased you to make in your image. ...and to redeem through your son. Who lives and reigns with you, in the unity of the holy spirit, God forever and ever. O'Lord hear my preyer. To Karras' amazement the bed begins to rise. Merrin waits for Damien's reponse, but Karras is frozen with shock as the bed rises past his face. Page 76/88 Father Karras? Father Karras? Damien? The reponse please Damien! Almighty Lord, word of God the father Jesus Christ, God and Lord of all creation, who gave to your holy apostle the power to tramp underfoot serpents and scorpions. Grant me, your unworthy servant pardon for all my sins... ...and the power to confront this cruel demon. See the cross of the Lord. Be gone you hostile power. O'Lord hear my prayer. The Lord be with you. I cast you out!!! Unclean spirit...! ...in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ!!! It is he who commands you! He who flung you from the heights of Heaven to the depths of hell! ...Be gone!! ...from this creature of God!!! Regan lays back as Merrin races to her bedside tracing the sign of the cross with his fingers in her hair. Be gone!! In the name of the Father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit!! By this sign of the holy cross, of our Lord Jesus Christ, who lives and reigns with the father and the holy spirit... Regan sits up and with a nightmare slowness, a fraction at a time, her head begins to turn, swiveling like a mannequin's and Damien!!! Her head completly turns in a 360-degree turn and stares at Karras. Defender of the human race... A thunderous earthquake knock both priests to the ground. ...look down in pity... ... upon this your servant, Regan Teresa MacNeil. Another quake knocks them to the ground. Regan falls back, the bed sheets fly off of the bed and the straps slowly rip apart. Regan's eyes roll back into the socket and she slowly starts to levitate. I command you by the judge of the living and the dead, to depart from this servant of God. Regan is now levitating toward the celing, arms out stretched like a cross. It's the power! (To Karras)- Holy water. Karras runs to the bedside table and grabs the bottle of holy water, he runs back and gives it to Merrin. It's the power of Christ, that compels you. He brought you low by his bloodstained cross! Do not despise my command because you no me to be a sinner. It's God himself who commands you! The majestic Christ who commands! God the Father commands you! God the son commands you! As Karras turns away, Regan raises her tied hands and deals him a powerful blow on the back of his head. He falls to the floor. God the holy spirit commands you! Merrin sprinkles more holy water on Regan, she falls back and screams in pain. The mystery of the cross commands you! The blood of the martyrs commands you! The priests are again knocked to the floor by an earthquake. Briefly Regan lifts herself toward an apparition of the demon statue Pazuzu. Give way to Christ, you prince of murderers. You're guilty, before Almighty God, guilty before his son, guilty before the whole human race. It's the Lord who expels you. He who is coming to judge both the living and the dead and the world by fire. As Merrin kneels by the bed, Karras crawls over and covers Regan with a blanket. Are you tired? Karras nods. I think the point is to make us dispair... To see our selves as... animal and ugly... To reject the possibillity that God could love us. Will you excuse me, Damien? Merrin rises and moves toward the bathroom. What is it? Can you give her something? Don't listen. Damien. Damien! Get out! Damien arises from the bed. Merrin leads him out, and then re- enters the room himself. He sprinkles some holy water on Regan and kneels at her side. He holds her hand tightly. Our Father, who art in heaven...", "MAN:": "(In Iraqi language) Some interesting finds. Lamps, arrow-heads, coins... The old man picks up an old pendant and holds it up. (In Iraqi language) Not of the same period. The old man reaches into a hole in the rock, moving and re- arranging small rocks to see what he can find. He grabs a pickaxe and scrapes out a small sculpted piece of rock crushed into another. The man takes a dust brush from the man's pocket and (In Iraqi language) Father... We then see the clocks pendulum stop over the old man's shoulder. He turns around and walks toward it. After looking he sits down beside it. As he sits the man at the desk stands up.", "CHRIS:": "(Whispering) I sure do love you. Chris kisses Regan and turns away. Morning. How are you today? That's good. Chris puts the script and pen on the table and lifts the coffee pot to pour her self a mug. Willie offers to do it for her but Chris refuses. Good morning Karl. Oh Karl, we've got rats in the attic you better get some traps. Uh huh. 'Fraid so. Chris walks to the fridge with her cup of coffee. All right then we've got clean rats. Chris takes a carton of milk out of the fridge and pours some into her coffee. I just heard them Karl. Karl shrugs his shoulders Yeah or maybe rats now will you just get those traps. (calling) Burke? oh Burke? Burke take a look at this damn thing it just doesn't make sense. C'mon I can read for Christ sake. Hiding? We see a crowd of people looking on. Standing out is a young, dark, handsome Jesuit Priest . (with mega-phone) Wait a minute, please, hold it! Hey c'mon we're all concerned with human rights for god's sake, but the kids who wanna get an education have a right too! The crowd cheer. (with mega-phone) Can you understand it's against your own principles for gods sake. Page 8/88 You can't, you can't accomplish anything by sending kids out........ The crowd cheer cutting her short. We focus on the young priest who is walking away from the campus. (with mega-phone) Order! Order! If you wanna effect any change you'll have to do it within the system....... The crowd cut her short again with an almighty cheer. We move in front of the young priest who continues to walk from the set. I think I'll walk home tonight Mike. And take that and drop it by my house. She walks off and waves goodnight to the crew across the road. As she turns the corner and walks down the road, Mike Oldfield's Tubular Bells begins to play. She walks through the leaf covered street on Halloween and sees a group of kids in costume run past her. She carries on walking and sees to nuns waking in the wind, (calling from outside) Hello? Hi Oh not to bad, kinda like the Walt Disney version of the Ho Chi Minh story, but other than that it was terrific. Chris picks up her mail. What have we got here? Sharon gives her a letter. Oh great, anything else? What's this? No kidding. Chris walks toward the cabinet and pours herself a drink. We hear a small voice call from the hall. What did you do today? What kind of stuff? Really, what kind was it a mair or guilding? Your kidding? Well, not while we're in Washington. We'll see when we get home okay. We'll see Regan. (to Sharon) Now about those party invitations....... Regan opens the jar of candy for the trick or treaters and takes some candy. Regan runs of and Chris chases her. Regan come back here. Chris catches Regan and wrestle her to the floor. Regan is giggling constantly. All right give it up, give it up, now! You'll be sorry. Oh it's so funny. Chris takes it and put's it on a shelf. I better put him over here to dry though. He's still wet. Regan walks over to the ping pong table and bounces a ping pong ball. By the shelf Chris picks up an ouiji board. Hey, where'd this come from? Where? You've been playing with it? You know how? Oh yeah, well let's both play. The pointer pulls itself away from Chris. You really don't want me to play huh? Captain who? Who's Captain Howdy? Oh, Captain Howdy.... Oh I bet he is. Regan, why are you reading that? It's not even a good picture. Looks to mature. Oh you wouldn't talk, well I didn't have my make up man there. Chris sits down on Regan's bed leaning over her. Just gotta get this eye-lash off of you. Chris tries to get an eye lash from Regan's eye lid. No I didn't get it. Chris tries again and gets it. What are we gonna do on your birthday, isn't that nice it's on a Sunday this year, what can we do? Well what would you like to do? Got any ideas? Regan shakes her head. Okay. And tomorrow night, I'll take you to a movie, okay? I love you Rags. We'll have a good day yeah? Mr. Dennings? Well thank you very much but why on earth would I want to bring Burke on your birthday? Yeah I like him. Don't you like him? Hey what's going on? What is this? Oh my god, you kidding, me marry Burke Dennings don't be silly, of course not. Page 18/88 Where'd you ever get an idea like that? Course I like him, I like pizzas to but I'm not gonna marry one. Oh Regan I love your daddy. I'll always love your daddy. Burke just comes around here a lot because he's lonely, don't got nothin' to do. Oh you did. What did you hear? Well your thinking's not so good. Cause Burke and I are just friends. Okay, really. God gets lonesome for us, Rags. He wants us back. Hello? Yes this is Mrs. MacNeil. Operator you have got to be kidding I have been on this line for twenty minutes. (to Sharon) Jesus Christ, can you believe this, he doesn't even call his daughter on her birthday for christ sake. Oh circuit my ass, he doesn't give a shit! No I've got it Sharon, it's all right. (on the phone) Yes. No, Operator don't tell me there's no answer, it's the Hotel Excelcia in Rome would you try it again please and let it ring. Hello? Operator you've given me the number four times. What did you do, take an iliteracey test to get that job for Christ sake. (shouting) What are you doing here? Oh, honey. Oh Karl, Jesus Christ Karl, don't do that. No rats. Thanks a lot that's terrific. Why the math? What is it? A tranquilizer? Stimulant? She's higher than a kite right now! Depression? Do you think I should take her to see a psychiatrist? And those lies she's been telling? Ya know, those things to get attention, like saying that her bed shakes and stuff. Never. Wait a minute. What are you talking about? You're kidding! Like what? Well, what, for example? I mean, give me a for instance! Klein shrugs. No reply. Hey, come on, I'm grown-up. What'd she say? I mean specifically, Doctor. (shocked, laughing) She used those words? Yeah, I guess. Maybe not. You don't think a psychiatrist-? Over behind the church, you know where I mean over there, it's a red brick wing? What goes down there? I mean who's the priest I keep seeing, he's there all the time. He has black hair and he's very intense looking? Karras. Karl!! Chris, Sharon and Willie pull Karl away from Burke. Willie takes him into another room. Are you asleep? There is no reply so Chris kisses her and exits. As Chris disappears Regan's eyes open suddenly. Listen Burke, your car is on the curbe. Luis is waiting... Burke hugs her. Chris looks confused and hugs him back. Burke pulls away and points his finger as if he wants to say something, but he forgets. What honey? Yeah, don't stop. Keep going. Regan, my God honey. (to the guests) I'm sorry, she's been sick. She didn't know what she was saying. (to Regan) C'mon. Chris takes Regan out. What made you say that Regan? Do you know sweetheart? It's just like the doctor said, it's nerves and that's all. Okay, you just take your pills and you'll be fine really. Okay? Regan nods and Chris exits the room. Is it coming out Willie? Oh my God! Honey it's to help you. We can see Dr. Klein preparing an injection. Convulsion? Oh no, that was no spasm. I got on the bed, the whole bed was thumping and rising off the floor and shaking. The whole thing, with me on it! So, what causes this? Look doc, I really don't understand how her whole personality could change. Hey do me a favour will ya'. Tell me something good. So something please Doctor, Help her! Oh Regan! What was going on in there, how could she jump off the bed like that? So what's wrong with her? Oh. What are you talking about for Christ sake! Did you see her or not? She's acting like a fucking out of her mind psychotic or a split personality or... So what's next? Oh, Christ. No. Of course not, nothing like that. Well of course I'm sure. I'd tell you. Christ, I don't even smoke grass. No. I'm building a new house, the old one's been sold. I was going to take Regan to Europe for a while, after she finished school here. Why d'you ask? (down the phone) Hello? But there is no answer. She puts the phone down and wanders further into the kitchen. The lights are still blinking. Shar? Still no response. Chris exits to the lounge. (whisper) Shit. Chris moves to the window and closes it, but still feels cold. She walks to Regan and pulls the covers back over her. What the hell do you mean going out and leaving Regan by her self! What are you kidding her window's wide open... Didn't who tell me? What's Burke got to do with it? Yeah, well I guess you should've. Chris hangs up her jacket and the doorbell rings. We have to start looking for a shrink. She opens the door. It's the assistant director. Hi Chuck, c'mon in. Heard what? Chuck takes his hat off and holds it to his chest. Oh God! Chris breaks into tears and press up against the wall. Chuck gently hugs her from behind. Page 42/88 Oh Burke! Poor Burke! I guess everything- She breaks off, staring with horror at something descending the stairs. It's Regan on all fours. She's gliding, spiderlike, noiselessly and swiftly, down the staircase. She halts directly at the bottom. Staring at Sharon. Sharon is shocked and eyes fixed on Regan. Regan's tongue begins to flicker rapidly in and Call the doctor! We fade to black Look, I'm telling you again and you'd better believe it, I'm not about to put her in a goddamn asylum! And I don't care what you call it! I'm not putting her away! You're sorry. Christ, eighty-eight doctors and all you can tell me is all of your bullshit... Will you just name it, for God's sake? What is it? No. No, why? You're telling me that, I should take my daughter to a witch doctor? Is that it? The Clinic Director nods and looks at Chris. Karl? Did you put this in Regan's bedroom? Karl if you put this in Regan's room I want you to tell me, now did you? This was under Regan's pillow. Did you put it there? (shouting) What! (shouting) What man? No, she was heavily sedated. Yes, I'm affraid it is. We still don't know. No thanks Karl. Karl stands in the background. Chris turns to him. It's okay Karl. Karl exits. Page 53/88 No. Not at all, Not that I know of. I really wouldn't know, you see Karl takes care of that. Want to ask him? Would you like some more coffee? Look, he wouldn't have any reason to be up there in the first place. When she's well enough, I'll ask. Of course. Have you got a pen? Kinderman pulls out a pen and a calling card and gives them to Chris. What's her name? Kinderman hesitates. His eyes are desperate and defiant. Really? wow. You're a nice man. Chris opens the front door. Oh, I'm very sorry Father. Hi. Yeah, it would've helped. Have you gotta cigarette Father? Karras seaches his pocket and pulls out a pack of cigarettes. Chris takes one and Karras lights it for her. They walk down the steps to the canal side. So, how'd a shrink ever get to be a priest? Where? You're a friend of Father Dyer, right? Pretty close? About my daughter? He didn't mention? Didn't tell you of what she did? Priests keep pretty tight mouthed then? On what? I mean, what if a person, let's say, was a criminal, like maybe a murderer or something, you know? If he came to you for help, would you have to turn him in? And how do you go about getting an exorcism? If a person was possessed by a demon of some kind, how do you go about getting an exorcism? I didn't get you? Oh yeah, since when? Yeah well, it just so happens that somebody very close to me is probably possessed, and needs an exorcist. Chris bursts into tears. Father Karras it's my little girl. Karras grabs Chris' arm and walks her over to a bench. They both sit. Chris is still crying. Why, I don't understand? But how? You could do it yourself... Could you see her? Not a psychiatrist! She needs a priest! She's already seen every fucking psychiatrist in the world and they sent me to you, now you're gonna send me back to them! Jesus Christ, won't somebody help her! Oh, will you help her! Just help her! Chris bursts into tears again and buries her head into Karras shoulder. Karras puts his arm around her. Nothing you could do would make it any worse. Like what? I thought you were supposed to be an expert. You show me Regan's No. Yes I did, I'm sorry. (on the phone) Okay, I'll talk to you some other time. No it's just that I'm going through something and... No, no there's nothing. Thanks alot. Bye. Chris hangs up the phone. Karras enters and sits on the couch. Wanna drink. What do you drink? Chris walks to the drinks cabinet. No ice. I'll get some from the kitchen. Chris walks toward the kitchen but Karras stops her. Page 67/88 Are you sure? In Europe. No What's the difference? (whispering) She...killed Burke Dennings. She killed Burke Dennings. She pushed him out of the window. Karras looks shocked. Yes. Come in. Merrin takes off his hat and coat. Yes. He's already here. Is it over? Karras shakes his head negatively. Is she gonna die? Rags? She dashes over to where her daughter is cowering on the floor. She flings herself down on top of Regan, cradling her and crying in hysterical relief, as Kinderman looks at Karras' body from the window, looks at Merrin's dead body on the floor and then looks at Chris and Regan. What is it? Storage. Sharon puts in in one of the large cardboard boxes that are standing about. I'm gonna miss you. Sure you won't change your mind? Sharon shakes her head. She reaches into her pocket and hands Chris the St. Joseph medal. Regan! C'mon honey we have to get going! She doesn't remeber a thing. Goodbye Father. I call you. Father Dyer? Dyer rushes to the car. I thought you'd like to keep this. She hands him Karras' St. Joseph medal. Dyer clutches it tightly. The car drives on, and Dyer watches it drive off. Dyer walks down toward the top of the M Street Steps. He looks down them and Page 86/88", "WILLIE:": "Good morning Mrs. MacNeil. Fine thank you. (Shouting at Karl) They're closed! Yes, I think so. All of a sudden we here Regan screaming along with a constant crashing sound. Chris rushes to Regan's room. I didn't put it. Karl enters the room. Good bye Father. I hope so too. The car stops and we hear Chris call.", "KARL:": "Good morning Madame. Rats? But it's clean? No. No rats. Maybe plumbing? Chris puts the carton of milk away. Yes, I go now. I'll go see. There is nothing. Very sorry, but you see, no rats! I'm Swiss. Bastard! I will kill you. You fiend! Burke just laughs and claps his hands. She is going to be well? No. It wasn't me. I didn't. Excuse me Miss? Excuse me Madame? Will there be anything else? It wants no straps. Karras stares at him, then gives Chris a look. He plucks up his courage and enters the room. Ready Mrs. Chris shakes Father Dyer's hand.", "CREW MEMBER:": "Is this scene really essential Burke? Burke turns to see Chris walking toward him. He walks to her. Can you just consider on whether or not we can do without it? Chris walks to Burke with her script in hand. Scene 39, hotel, take 4! As he claps the board we hear the assistant director's voice on a mega phone.", "BURKE:": "Why it's perfectly plain, your the teacher at the college, you don't want the building torn down. Well what's wrong? Shall we summon the writer? He's in Paris I believe. Fucking. Chris bursts into laughter and hugs Burke as the crowd including the priest burst into laughter.We cut to a crew member with a clapper board. Never seen it before in my life. Have you? We see more people having fun, Regan laughing and we then cut to Father Dyer, a young priest who is talking to the same guy Burke was. Tell me, was it public relations you done for the Gestapo or community relations? Yes of course. Never went bowling with Goebbels either I suppose ah? Karl walks away. Nazi bastard. We cut to Chris who is talking to Father Dyer. Page 28/88 Cunting Hun! Bloody damn butchering Nazi pig! Karl lunges at Burke and grabs him by the throat. Fuck it. Burke walks off and Chris and Sharon close the door and return to the party. Father Dyer is sitting at the piano and everyone is singing songs.", "CREW:": "Okay Action! The crowd of movie extras cheer and chant as an actor with a mega phone plays his part. Chris is being touched up with make up before she makes her appearance. She walks toward the set. Okay cut! That's a rap!", "ACTOR:": "(with mega-phone) Has there been enough killing After the actor says each line, the crowd cheer. Chris walks into the crowd of extras, as we see Burke on the directors chair smiling and laughing. Chris reaches the guy with the mega-phone and turns on character. She takes the mega-phone and begins.", "MIKE:": "All right. She hands her leather case to him.", "KARRAS:": "There's not a day in my life when I don't feel like a fraud. I mean priests, doctor, lawyers I've talked to them all, I don't know anyone who hasn't felt that. She sees that's it's the young Jesuit who was at the campus earlier, and that he is talking to another priest. We don't hear the rest of the conversation because of a low flying aeroplane. Momma? He walks into the living room where an old woman sits listening to a radio. Momma? He leans over the chair. Momma? The old woman stands up with joy. You look good. How's your leg? I'm fine mom, I'm fine. We cut to Karras eating his supper and his mom rocking in her chair with the radio on still playing in the background. Oh really, when? Is that too tight? Now momma you have to stay off it, you can't keep go up and down those stairs you have to give it rest. Momma I can take you somewhere to a place where you wouldn't be alone. There'd be people around, you know you won't have to sit here listening to the radio. Mrs. Karras responds by shouting in Greek. No momma. Momma, I'm all right, I'm fine, really I am. We cut to the bedroom light going out, with Damien walking out back in uniform. He put's some money on the table and turns up the radio so that his leaving doesn't wake his mother. He kisses her and walks out. It's my mother Tom. She's alone I never should have left her. At least in New York I'd be nearer, I'd be closer. I need reassignment Tom, I want out of this job. It's wrong, it's no good. Am I really? It's more than psychiartry and you know that Tom, some of there problems come down to faith, there vocation, the meaning of there lives and I can't cut it anymore. I need out I'm unfit. I think I've lost my faith Tom. You should have called me the minute it happened. Momma? It's Dimmy momma. Mrs. Karras slowly turns her eyes to him. Momma, I'm gonna take you outta here momma. Mrs. Karras struggles to turn away from him. Momma, everything's gonna be alright momma, I'm gonna take you home! Couldn't you have put her some place else? Where'd you get the money for the Chivas Regal? The poor box? Where'd you get it then? I believe you. Oh Christ! I should of been there and I wasn't there, I should've been there. Are you gonna steal my shoes now? Stealing is a sin. Dyer exists. We slowly zoom in on Damien while he's asleep. He starts to dream and we see the images that come into his head. There is falling medallion, a swing pendulum in a clock and a running dog. He then sees his mother ascending a subway tunnel to the street, Karras is on the other side of the street and (whisper) Remember O Lord, Thy servant, Mary Karras... who has gone before us with the sign of faith, and sleeps the sleep of peace. (to the attendants) Lord I am not worthy to receive you, but only say the words and I shall be healed. May the body of Christ bring me ever lasting Have we met? What's this about? Do people tell you look like Paul Newman? I've seen him. Only what I read in the papers. I once did a paper on it From the psychiatric end. Maybe. Some rituals used in Black Mass. Maybe. Yeah, a fall. Couldn't it of happened on the fall. Unlikely. You think the killer and the desecrator are the same? Sick priest, is that it? I don't know anyone who fits the description. No I probably wouldn't. Is that a threat? Incidentally I mention only in passing that I could tell the judge that it was a matter of confession. Karras walks off toward his dormitory and Kinderman chases him. Very much. That's to bad. Who's in it? I've seen it. Come on! Alright. You know who I think really did it? The Dominicans. Go pick on them. Chris MacNeil? I'm Father Karras. Chris turns around and shakes his hand. That's okay. I should've told you I wouldn't be in uniform. It's the other way around. The society sent me through med school. Harvard, Bellevue, John Hopkins. Yes am. Pretty close. Sure did. No I didn't know you had one. No. He didn't mention her. That depends. The priest. If he came to me for spritual help, I'd say no. No I wouldn't. But I'd try to persuade him to turn himself in. I beg your pardon? Well, the first thing I'd do is put them into a time macine and send them back to the sixteenth century. Well it just doesn't happen anymore Mrs. MacNeil. Since we learned about mental illness, paranoia, schizophrenia. All the things they taught me in Harvard. Mrs. MacNeil since the day I joined the Jesuits, I've never met one priest who has performed an exorcism, not one. To begin with it could make things worse. Well before the church approves an exorcism, it conducts an investigation to see if it's warranted. That takes time. In the meantime... No I couldn't, I have to have church approval, and frankly, that's rarely given,- Yes I could, I could see her as a psychiatrist... No, you don't understand. Your daughter- Hello Regan. I'm a friend of your mother, I'd like to help you. I'm affraid you might hurt yourself Regan. I see. Well then let's introduce ourselves, I'm Damien Karras. If you're the devil, why not make the straps disappear? Where's Regan? If that's true, then you must know my mother's maiden name. What is it? Regan keeps a sharp stare on Karras. Karras' smile turns to an angry stare. He rises and moves to her bed side. What is it? Regan leans forward a vomits a disgusting, green bile in Karras' face. Karras wipes it off, coughing. Regan keeps her eyes fixed on him, with green vomit covering her night gown. Thanks. Look, I'm only against the possibility of doing your daughter more harm than good. I can't do it. I need evidence that the church would accept as signs of possession. Like her speaking in a language that she's never known or studied. I don't know. I'll have to look it up. There are no experts. You probably know as much about possession than most priests. Look your daughter doesn't say she's a demon, she says she's the devil himself and if you've seen as many psychotics as I have, you'd know it's like saying you're Napoleon Bonaparte. You ask me what I think is best for your daughter. Six months, under observation in the best hospital you can find. Did Regan know a priest was coming over? Did you know my mother died recently? No, is Regan aware of it? It's not important good night. Karras exits the gates and crosses the street. We cut to Kinderman in an unmarked car watching Karras cross the street. Kinderman then looks up to Regan's window and sees a silohette moving around. He broke the bread, gave it to his disciples and said \"Take this, all of you and eat. For this is my body.\" When the supper had ended, he took the cup, again he gave you thanks and praise. Gave the cup to his disciples and said \"Take this, all of you will drink from it, this is the cup of blood, the blood of the new and ever lasting covenant and the mystery of faith\". You'd like that? But wouldn't that drive you out of Regan? You and Regan? Did you do that? Do it again. No now. You speak Latin? Quod nomen mihi est? Quod nomen mihi est? How long are you planning to stay in Regan? Holy water. Karras moves to the end of the bed. Who are you? Please. Scotch, Ice, water. Chris pours the drink. No it's alright I'll take it straight. It's fine really, sit. Chris sits down. Where's Regan's father? Have you told him what's happening? Well I think you should. He holds up the empty vial. I told Regan that was holy water, I sprinkled some on her and she reacted very violently. It's tap water. Holy water's blessed. And that doesn't help support a case for possession. Chris turns her head away and frowns. She looks at Karras again. What do you mean english? (tape) Uoy era ohw. (tape) Uoy era ohw. Page 69/88 (on phone) Yeah, yes?...I'll be right there. Well what's wrong? What is it? They stop at Regan's door. Sharon puts her coat on and turns on the flash light. She opens the door and they enter. I don't know. No, not really I suppose. But I've made a prudent judgement that it meets the conditions set down in the Ritual. Page 70/88 Yes. I see, your excellency. Thank you your excellency. Karras stands up and kisses the Cardinal's hand. Father? Merrin walks over to greet Karras. It's an honour to meet you Father. They both look up as the scream of the demon, booming, amplifying, comes from Regan's room. No. Do you want to hear the background of the case, first? I think it would be helpful if I gave you some background on the different personalities Regan has manifested. So far, there seems to be three. She's convinced- But deliver us from the evil one. Regan is coughing and groaning as the two priests continue with the ritual. As it was in the begin is now and ever shall be, world without end, amen. Who places her trust in thee, my God. In the face of the enemy. Regan raises her head and screams at Merrin several times. And the son of iniquity be powerless to harm her. And let my cry come unto thee. And also with you. Amen And let my cry come unto thee. The bed crashes back to the floor. Regan still screams and writhes in pain. Amen Regan falls back on her pillow and begins to groan. Both priests trace the sign of the cross. Merrin holds his purple stole to Regan's cheek as green vomit slowly oozes from her mouth. Regan turns her head and vomits on the stole. And let my cry come unto thee. And also with you. Merrin takes the bile covered stole from around his neck and hands it to Karras who quickly washes it in Regan's bathroom. We hear banging, as cupboard doors open against the wall. Regan is Page 77/88 Shut up!! Why this girl it makes no sense? You're not my mother. She'll go into coma. Regan, in the voice of Karras' mother, speaks a few pleading phrases in Greek to Karras. (shouting) You're not my mother!!! You son of a bitch! He grabs her and pulls her to the floor. He begins to punch her in the face and head, then shakes her and nearly strangles her in his fury. Take me! Come into me! God damn you! Take me! Take me! A gargantuan struggle is visible in the demonic features of Regan's face. His face has taken on a demonic shade, and his eyes have turned bright green. She screams out as Karras' body jerks back, apparently manipulated by some inner force, which now reaches toward Regan to strangle her. Karras fights the force for No!! With his last angiushed cry, Karras leaps out of the window. We see him roll down the concrete steps outside and hit the floor at the bottom. His cry was immediatly followed by frightened sobs and whimpers that are unmstakably those of an ordinary little girl.", "SHARON:": "In here! Chris walks into the dinning room. Hi, how'd your day go? Here. And you got an invitation. Dinner at the White House. Just five or six people. Maybe the circuit is busy? Why don't you let me? Sharon reaches for the phone from Chris' hand Dr. Klein? Hi Sharon, things have gotten worse since we called you, I better take you up stairs. Yes but they've gotten violent. Yes. Chris, Doctors. Chris opens the door. (downstairs) Sharon! What didn't he tell you? Well, when I went to get the Thorazine I had him to stay with her and... Oh, I should of known better. What did the doctor say? I can't believe it. Chris lowers her brow into her hand, leaning against the door. She shakes her head, exhales. Of course I didn't. Chris? The door closes by itself being held shut by a chair. They both bag on the door to help her. Chris looks up to see that Regan's wardrobe is moving toward her. Chris scurries out of the way. We turn back to Regan who is sitting with her back to us, but she has spun her head in a 180-degree angle, facing backward (Chris). (whispering) I don't want Chris to see this. Where do you want this? Me too. I found this in her room. Chris puts in her pocket. That's everything. Chris hugs her. She pulls away and walks to the foot of the stairs.", "REGAN:": "Hi mom. Regan runs in and hugs and kisses Chris. Um........Stuff. Well, me and Sharon played a game in the back yard, and we had a picnic down by the river. Chris sits down. Oh mom, you should have seen this man came along on this beautiful grey horse. (to Sharon) Wasn't it pretty? Think it was a guilding. It was grey. Oh it was so beautiful, the guy let me ride it all around. It was so nice, oh I loved it. Oh mom can't we get a horse? Oh............ When can I have one? Here it comes..................There She holds up a clay model of an orange bird. Chris and Regan both laugh. You like it? I found it. The closet Chris walks toward the ping pong table with the ouiji board in hand. Yeah. Here I'll show you. Regan places the board down on the table. Chris drags a chair over and sits down. No you don't. I do it all the time. No I do, Captain Howdy said no. Captain Howdy. You know, I make the questions and he does the answers. He's nice. Here I'll show you. Regan places the magnifier on the board and closes her eyes. Captain Howdy, Do you think my mom's pretty? Captain Howdy? Captain Howdy that isn't very nice. You think? Cause I like it. I wouldn't talk. I don't know Yeah Oh I love you. Regan hugs Chris. You can bring Mr. Dennings if you like. Well you know it's okay. You like him. Your not gonna marry him are you? What? But you like him. Do you not like him like daddy? Well I heard differently. I don't know, I just thought. How do you know? Okay. Chris kisses Regan. Mom, why do people have to die? Chris looks at her. She doesn't know how to answer. Why does God let us get tired? My bed was shaking, I can't get to sleep. Your gonna die up there. The guy looks puzzled and Regan begins to urinate on the floor. Mother? What's wrong with me? Chris walks back to her. Mother! Mother! Mother!!!!! Mother help! Chris opens the door and gasps in shock. We then see Regan on her bed, but the bed is thumping and shaking ferociously. Make it stop! What's wrong!! I'm scared!!! Chris jumps on the bed to comfort Regan and they both sit screaming as the bed continues to rapidly jump around. I don't want it, I don't want it. Dr. Klein injects the needle into Regan's arm. She spits at him. You fucking bastard!! Mother please! Oh please mother make it stop! It's burning, it's burning please mother! Make it stop,it really hurts! Mother! Make it... Regan suddenly growls, her eyes roll back and her throat swells abnormally. She stands up on the bed. Stay away from me! Stay away! Mother! Twelve. Sometimes. I don't know. I don't know. No. I'm afraid. Please! No! Please no! No! Please! No! Chris opens the door and sees objects rapdly flying around the room. We hear a last gasp scream from Regan untill Chris turns to Regan and covers her mouth with horror. (crying) Mother...Mother...Mother...Mother... Chris rushes in and pauses to make sure that it's really Regan again. She's follwed in by Kinderman. Page 83/88 All done. Hi Father.", "HOMELESS GUY:": "Fa-dah! Can you help an old altar boy? I'm a Cat-lick! A train goes past illuminating the homeless guys face. The young priest just walks on.", "MRS.KARRAS": "Dimmy! Damien! They greet each other in Greek as Mrs. Karras hugs him. I'm all right. Your Uncle John stopped by to visit me. Last month. We now cut to Karras putting a bandage around his mothers leg. Page 13/88 No. Okay You understand me, This is my house, and I'm not going no place. Damien stands up and lights a cigarette. Dimmy, you worry for something? You are not happy. Tell me what is the matter?", "MRS. KARRAS": "I'm so happy to see you. How about you Dimmy? Are you all right? Dimmy. Why they did this to me Dimmy? Why? Damien rushes to comfort his mother.", "PRESIDENT:": "Could see about a transfer Damien. You're the best we've got. Well, he does know the background. I doubt there's any danger in just having him assist. There should be a psychiatrist present, anyway. How about Lankaster Merrin. That's right Mike. But he's finished and came back around three ot four months ago, He's in Woodstock now. No, he's working on another book. It must be alright. He's still running around digging up tombs. Besides, he's had experience. Ten maybe twelve years ago, in Africa. The exorcism supposedly lasted for months. I heard it damn near killed him.", "UNCLE:": "The edima affected her brain, you understand Dimmy? She don't let no doctor come near her. She was all the time screaming, even talking to the radio. Listen, regular hospital not going to put up with her Dimmy, understand? So we give her a shot and bring her here, till the doctors fix up her leg, then we take her out Dimmy, two or three months and she's out good as new. They approach an office and Karras' Uncle walks in to speak to the nurse. Miss? We want to see Mrs. Karras. Yes I am her brother, he's the son You know it's funny. If you wasn't a priest you'd be famous psychiatrist now on Park Avenue, your mother she'd be living in a penthouse instead of here. The nurse unlocks the door and opens it. Damien looks at his Uncle. You go in Dimmy. I wait for you outside. Karras walks in and leaves his Uncle behind. Like what? Private hospital? Who got the money for that Dimmy? You?", "NURSE:": "Yes? Do you have an appointment? Are you a relative? Just a minute. The grabs a set of keys and writes something in a note book. We then cut to Damien staring in the window of the ward. He's see's all sorts of people, all with mental problems. You'll find Mrs. Karras on the last bed on the left hand side. As Damien enters, a few of the patients rush toward him. Two of them grab him, as the nurse tries to get them away. Damien barges them out of his way only to have another patient rush into him and take his collar. The nurse takes her away as bed bound patients look on with arms out stretched. Damien approaches his Excuse me Doctor. Chris MacNeil is on the phone, she says it's urgent.", "DR. KLEIN": "A disorder of the nerves. At least we think it is. We don't know yet exactly how it works, but it's often seen in earl adolescence. She shows all the It affects concentration. Here tears the prescription away from the pad. A stimulant. Her condition isn't quite what it seems. Nobody knows the cause of her hyperkinetic behaviour in a child. The Ritalin sems to work to relieve the condition, but we really don't know how or why, frankly. Your daughter's symptoms could be an overreaction to depression- but that's out of my field. Well, you mentioned her father... the divorce. Oh no. I'd wait and see what happens with the Ritalin. I think that's the answer. Wait two or three weeks. Lies? Have you ever known your daughter to swear and use obscenities? Well, you see, that's quite similar to things like her lying- uncharacter- Page 26/88 Well, she let loose quite a string while I was examining her, Mrs. MacNeil. Well, I'd say her vocabulary's rather extensive. Well, specifically, Mrs. MacNeil, she advised me to keep my fingers away from her goddam cunt. She used those words. Look, I doubt that she even understood what she was saying. The best explanation is always the simplest one. Let's wait. Let's wait and see. In the meantime try not to worry. Well, It's a symptom of a type of desturbance in the chemico- electrical activity of the brain. In the case of your daughter in the temperal lobe, up here in the lateral part of the brain. It's rare, but it does cause bizarre hallucinations and usually just before a convulsion. The shaking of the bed, that's doubtless due to musuclar spasms. Mrs. MacNeil the problem with your daughter is not her bed, it's her brain. They both walk into Klein's office. Page 34/88 Lesion, Lesion in the temperal lobe. It's a kind of seizure disorder. The temperal lobe is very common. Could last for days, even weeks. It isn't rare to find destructive or even criminal behaviour. Don't be alarmed. If it's a lesion in a way she's fortunate. All we have to do is remove the scar. Yes I'm Dr. Klein, this is Dr. Tanney. Is she having spasms again? Did you give her the medication she needed? Thorazine. Before that it was Ritalin. They approach Regan's door. Sharon knocks. Alright then Regan, let's see... Regan back hands Dr. Klein and he flies backward. Get my bag! Sharon grabs Dr. Klein's bag and Karl slaps Regan to stop her from screaming. Chris screams with horror in reaction to what she's just seen. Karl and Dr. Tanney hold Regan down as Dr. Klein prepares a syringe to knock her out. Hold her steady, Hold her tight! Dr. Klein injects the needle and Sharon takes Chris outside. When the door is closed, Regan's screaming becomes dead silence. She's heavily sedated. She'll probably sleep through tomorrow. We still think the temporal lobe... Dr. Tanney says the X-rays are negative. In other words normal. Chris sighs. Do you keep any drugs in your house? Are you sure? Are you planning to be home soon? I think it's time we started looking for a psychiatrist.", "ASTRONAUT:": "I beg your pardon? Well actually Father, we're quite comfortable up there, at least compared to the Gemini and Mercury program. So they were tight for space, see we've got about two-hundred and ten cubic feet so we can move around. (laughs) What for?", "FATHER DYER:": "Listen, if you ever go up there again will you take me along? First missionary on mars. We then cut to Burke who is approaching Karl, who is carrying a tray of drinks. St. Mike's. Damien Karras. That's his office back of St. Mike's. He's our psychiatric counsellor. He had a pretty rough knock last night poor guy, his mother passed away. She was living by herself and I guess she was dead a couple of days before they found her. We cut to the kitchen where Burke is once again taunting Karl. Hi Chris. Great party. Listen, I don't need any encouragement, but my idea of heaven is a solid white night club, with me as the head liner, for all eternity and they love me. Everyone laughs. Father Dyer starts to play a song and everyone sings along. Toyd, Toyd. Hey That's an insult, I got a vow of poverty. I stole it. There was nothing you could do. Lye down. C'mon. Father Dyer helps Damien onto his bed, takes his cigarette and takes his shoes off. Think you can sleep? No, I tell fortunes by reading the crease, now shut up and go to sleep. Damien grabs Father Dyer's arm but slowly let's go. Father Dyer turns the light out and heads for the door. Goodnight Dims. Do you want to make your confession? Are you sorry- (his voice catches) Are you sorry for having offended God, with all the sins of your past life? (he breaks down for a moment, then starts administiring the last rites) Ego to abslovo in nomine patris, et filli, et spiritus sancti. That's good. Regan exits the house and walks to Chris. Okay. Chris gets into the car, but Regan stands staring at Dyer's collar. She leans forward and kisses Father Dyer on the cheek. Not sure of what she has done, she retreats to the car. The car drives out to the street and Father Dyer waves goodbye. Father Dyer walks out and Willie closes the gates. Goodbye. I hope to see you again soon, Lieutenant? You just missed them. She seemed fine. Good bye. They both walk their separate ways. Kinderman stops. Sure. Who's in it? I've seen it. No. Kinderman loops his arm around Dyer's. They start to walk off.", "EVERYONE:": "\"Toyd, that's my home, sweet home. Can we both think it's...\" Regan appears in view and Father Dyer notices her first.", "MALE NURSE:": "Regan, could you sit up and scoot over here? Regan does so and she lays back onto the operating bench. The male nurse pushes a button and the bench begins to move forward. Regan, I'm just gonna move you down to the table okay? The bench comes to a halt. Just for a short time. Both nurses, male and female, loosen Regans gown around the neck to prep her for the doctor. They place monitors on her arms. Very sticky. The doctor approaches Regan with a pot of betadine and puts a sponge into the pot. Page 35/88", "DOCTOR:": "Now Regan you're going to feel something, a little bit cold and wet. He dabs the sponge onto her neck making it a light brown colour. The doctor then picks up a hypodermic needle and moves toward her. We can see Chris and Dr. Klein in the viewing room. Okay, now you're gonna feel a little stick here. Don't move. The doctor injects the needle into Regan's neck. Good. He then picks up a a needle head without the syringe, and moves toward her. Okay, you're gonna feel some pressure here, now don't move. The doctor places the needle into the hole he made with the syringe. Regan is quietly yelping in pain, and Chris is in pain watching her daughter suffer. The doctor takes the tiny cap from the needle, Regan's clothing is squirted with blood and places a tube into the needle's head. We see the blood rush from Regan's Hook up. We see a finger flip a switch and the machine comes to life. A guy in the view room pushes another button and the machine lets off several loud bangs. In the theatre we can see Regan crying.", "DR. TANNEY": "There's nothing there. No vascular displacement at all. You want me to run another series? Of course. How do you do? What was that? Pathological states can induce abnormal strength, accelerated motor performance. For example, a ninety-pound women sees her child pinned under the wheel of a truck, runs out and lifts the wheels half a foot up off the ground. You know the story, same thing here. Same principle, I mean. There haven't been more than a hundred authenticated cases of so- called split personality, Mrs. MacNeil. Now I know the temptation is to leap to psychiatry, but any reasonable psychiatrist would exhaust the somatic possibilities first. A pneumoencephelogram, I would think, pin down that lesion. It will involve another spinal. What we missed in the", "REGAN/DEMON": "Keep away! The sow is mine! She pulls up her dress and mimes masturbation. Fuck me ! Fuck Me! Fuck me! She falls back and starts to scream again. Let Jesus fuck you! Regan has the crucifix gripped in her hand and is plunging it into her bloodied vagina. There are fresh cuts all over her face, streaming with blood. Let Jesus fuck you! Let him fuck you!!! Chris runs over to Regan and tries to pry the crucifix from her hand. They struggle for the crucifix. Regan then grabs Chris' head and pushes it into her bloodied crotch. Lick me! Lick me! Chris' face emerges covered with Regan's blood. Regan slaps her mother and sends her flying to the floor. Chris screams in pain. Sharon and Willie race up the stairs. You might loosen the straps then. I'm not Regan. And I'm the Devil! Now kindly undo these straps! That's much to vulgar a display of power Karras. In here. With us. Your mother's in here with us Karras, would you like to leave a message? I'll see that she gets it. (Voice Over) What an excellent day for an exorcism. Intensely. It would bring us together. You and us. The bureau drawer flies open on it's own. In time. In time. But mirabile dictu, don't you agree? Karras presses record on the tape recorder. Ego te abslovo. Bon Jour. La plume de ma tante. The demon laughs full and mockingly. Until she rots and lie stinking in the earth. Karraspulls out a small vial of water. What's that? You keep it away. Karras uncaps the vial and now sprinkles it's contents over Regan. Instantly, Regan writhes in pain and terror. Page 66/88 Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh! It burns! Ohhhh! It burns! Regan's head falls back onto the pillow as she rolls her head from side to side shouting out indistrict Emit su evig! Karras is intrigued and sits on the bed beside her. He moves the microphone up to her mouth an listens. Ydob eht ni mraw si ti! Uoy ees Tseirp a si eh! Eno on ma (tape) Give us time! Let her die! (tape) I am no one! I am no one! He is a priest! (tape) Merrin! Merrin! Karras stops the tape and rewinds it slightly. He plays it again. (tape) I am no one! I am no one! He is a priest!  Stick your cock up her ass! You mother fucking, worthless cocksucker! Bastards! Stop! Regan stares at Father Karras and snakes her abnormaly long tongue in and out at him. Shove it up your ass you faggot! Fuck him!!! Fuck him Karras!!! Fuck him!!! You killed your mother!!! You left her alone to die!!!! She'll never forgive you!!! Bastard!!!", "CHUCK:": "I suppose you've heard. You haven't heard. Chris turns around to face him and looks baffled. Burke's dead. (Short pause) He must of been drunk. He fell down from the top of the steps right outside, by the time he hit Yeah, I know. Chuck backs away. I'll see you later. Chuck exits.", "PSYCHIATRIST:": "Now when I touch your forehead, open your eyes. We fade back with a full face shot of Regan, with two fingers wiping her brow. Are you comfortable Regan? How old are you? Is there someone inside you? Who is it? Is it Captain Howdy? If I ask him to tell me, will you let him answer? We now get a view of the whole room. Chris and Dr. Klein are also present. Why not? If he talks to me, I think he'll leave you. Do you want him to leave you? I'm talking to the person inside of Regan now. If you are there you too are hypnotised and must answer all my questions. Come forward answer me now. A framed picture of Regan drops to the floor. We switch to a close up of Regan who is growling like some kind of animal. Chris and Dr. Klein both cover there nose and mouth as if a foul stench Are you the person inside of Regan? Regan's eyes are fixed on the psychiatrist. Her arm is propped up like a cobra ready to strike. Who are you? Regan's hand drops and grips the psychiatrists scrotum, squeezing like a vice. The psychiatrist screams in pain. ", "KINDERMAN:": "Father Karras? Karras picks up his towel and wipes his brow. No we haven't met, but they said I could tell; that you looked like a boxer. Kinderman shows his badge. Yeah, it's true. You do look like a boxer. John Garfield, in Body and Soul. Exactly John Garfield anyone told you that Father? Always. Karras walks away toward the campus. You this director was doing a film here, Burke Dennings? You've seen him. You're also familiar with how last week he died? Papers. Tell me, what do you know about the subject of witchcraft? From the witching end, not the hunting. Really? I know. I read it. These desecration's in the church\u2026you think they have anything to do with witchcraft? Page 46/88 And Dennings, you read how he died? Let me tell you how Father, and please confidential. Burke Dennings, good Father, was found at the bottom of those steps leading to It's possible. Possible however\u2026 Exactly. So on the one hand we've got a witchcraft type of murder and a Black Mass style of desecration in the church. Maybe somebody crazy, someone with a spite against the church, some unconscious rebellion, perhaps. Look, Father this is hard for you- please. But for priests on the campus here, you're the psychiatrist; you'd know who was sick at the time, who wasn't. I mean this kind of sickness. You'd know that. Page 47/88 Ah, doctor's ethics. If you knew you wouldn't tell, huh? Not to bother you with trivia, but a psychiatrist in sunny California was thrown in jail for not telling the judge what he knew about a patient. No, I mentioned it only in passing. Hey, Father? You like movies? I get passes to the best shows in town. Mrs. K though, she gets tired and never likes to go. Yeah, I hate to go alone. You know, I like to talk film; discuss the critique. D'you wanna see a film with me? I got passes to The Crest. It's Othello. Page 48/88 Who's in it? Debbie Reynolds, Desdemona, and Othello, Groucho Marx. You're happy? One last Answer the question, Father Paranoia. Who? I could have you deported, you know that? Karras walks to the front door. (shouts to Karras) I lied! Karras turns around. (shouting to Karras) You look like Sal Mineo! Karras smiles and walks inside. Does your daughter remember if perhaps Mr. Dennings was in her room in her room that night? It's serious? May I ask...? Watch out for drafts. A draft in the fall when the house is hot is a magic carpet for bacteria. Karl enters the room. Strange...strange...so baffling. The deceased comes to visit, stays only twenty minutes, and leaves all alone a very sick girl. And speaking plainly Mrs. MacNeil, as you say, it's not likely he would fall from a window. Besides that, a fall wouldn't do to his neck what we found except maybe a chance in a thousand. My hunch? My opinion? I believe he was killed by a very powerful You were expecting a deliver y that day? Groceries maybe? A package? Oh, I see. Never mind. Chris rises. That's cute. Chris looks over at Kinderman. Your daughter, she's the artist? Chris smiles. She hands him the coffee. Incidentally, just a chance in a million, I know; but your daughter - you could possibly ask her if she saw Mr. Dennings in her room that night? I know that. I realize. But if a certain British doctor never asked \"What's this fungus?\" we wouldn't today have penicillin. Correct? Couldn't hurt. In the meantime... Kinderman falters, embarrassed. I hate to ask you this but... for my daughter could you maybe give an autograph? I lied. It's for me. The spelling is on the back, Kinderman. You know that film you made called Angel? Isaw that six times. You're a very nice lady. Chris gives his hat to him. Thank you. I'll come back when she's feeling better. Kinderman exits and Chris closes the door an locks it. She holds her hands to her mouth and slowly walks away. We suddenly here a crash from Regan's room, followed by loud voices. I came to say goodbye. How's the girl? Ah, that's good. That's all that's important. Back to business. Back to work. Bye now, Father. Father Dyer? Dyer turns back to him. Do you like films? I get passes. In fact I got a pass for The Crest tomorrow night. Would you like to go? Withering Heights. Heathcliff, Jackie Gleason, and in the role of Catherine Earnshaw, Lucille Ball. Another one. Had your lunch? I'm reminded of a line in the film Casablanca. At the end Humphrey Bogart says to Claude Rains, \" Louie- I think this is the begining of a beautiful friendship.\" You noticed. We fade out as Tubular Bells starts to play.", "CLINIC DIRECTOR:": "It looks like a type of disorder that you rarely ever see anymore, except in primitive cultures. We see Regan on a monitor screen. She's in another fit, in bed and restrained by straps. We call it a somnambuliform possession. We cut to another angle of Regan who has slightly visible welts on her face. She's still screaming. We then cut to Regan, now flat on her back, mumbling to herself. Quite frankly, we don't know much about it except that it's starts with some conflict or guilt that eventually leads to the patient's delusion that his body's been invaded by an alien intellegence; a spirit if you will. It's- I'm sorry. Have you ever heard of exorcism? Chris looks at him baffled. It's a stylized ritual in which rabbis or priests try to drive out the so-called invading spirit. It's pretty much discarded these days, except by the Catholics who keep it in the closet as a sort of embarrassment. It has worked, in fact, although not for the reason they think, of course. It was purely the force of suggestion. The victim's belief in possession helped cause it;", "FEMALE DOCTOR:": "What about your daughter?", "MALE VOICE:": "Do it! You bitch! Do it! Do it! Chris races up the stairs and runs to Regan's room. Page 56/88", "REGAN/BURKE": "Do you know what she did, your cunting daughter? Chris turns away and screams, bursting into tears.", "REGAN/HOMELESS GUY": "Can you help an old altar boy Fa-dah? Karras looks at Regan. He's puzzled by what she has just said. He sits down on a chair beside the window.", "LAB DIRECTOR:": "It's a language alright. It's english. Karras stands up. It's english in reverse, listen. The lab director throws a switch and the tape starts again, in perfect english.", "CARDINAL:": "You're convinced that it's genuine. You'd want to do the exorcism yourself? It might be best to have a man with experience. Maybe someone who's spent time in the foreign missions. Let's see whose around. In the meantime I'll call you as soon as I know. And what about the exorcist? Any ideas? Merrin? I had notion he was over in Iraq. I think I read he was working on a dig around Nineveh. Don't you think he's too old, though? How's his health? I didn't know that.", "REGAN/MRS. KARRAS": "Dimmy, why you did this to me? Karras gets out a stehoscope and places it on Regan's chest. Please Dimmy, I'm affraid. Dimmy please! Merrin re-enters the room. Why, Dimmy? Damien breaks into convulsive sobbing. Dimmy, please!", "BYSTANDER:": "Somebody fell at the bottom of the steps here! Father Dyer pushes through the crowd and kneels beside Karras. Fighting back tears, he grasps Karras' hand and leans close to whisper in his ear.", "DYER:": "Hello. You know you look a bit like Bogart."}, "the-godfather.php": {"BONASERA:": "America has made my fortune. As he speaks, I raised my daughter in the American fashion; I gave her freedom, but taught her never to dishonor her family.  She found a boy friend, not an Italian.  She went to the movies with him, stayed out late. I went to the Police like a good American.  These two boys were arrested and brought to trial.  The judge sentenced them to three years in prison, and suspended the sentence.  Suspended sentence! What do you want of me?  I'll give you anything you want, but do what I ask! I ask for Justice. An eye for an eye! Then make them suffer as she suffers.  How much shall I pay you. Both America has been good to me... Be my friend. Godfather. Yes, I understand.  I'm listening. Anything...Anything the Godfather wishes. Page 98/157 The Don himself is coming to me tonight? For the last year, they have been killing one another.  So now, what? Your Godfather comes to me...Why? (whispering, slyly) They've killed someone so important that they wish to make his body They could make me an accomplice to their murder.  They could send me to jail! He slips into his trousers.  Then he moves to his And if the other families find out...they will make me their enemy. They could come here to our house. I curse the day I ever went to the Godfather. What do you wish me to do?", "DON CORLEONE:": "Bonasera, we know each other for years, but this is the first time you come to me for help.  I don't remember the last time you invited me to your house for coffee...even though our wives are friends. And what is that Bonasera? No.  You ask for too much. The Court gave you justice. But your daughter is still alive. You never think to protect yourself with real friends.  You think it's enough to be an American.  All right, the Police protects you, there are Courts of Law, so you don't need a friend like me. Then take the justice from the judge, the bitter with the sweet, Bonasera.  But if you come to me with your friendship, your loyalty, then your enemies become my enemies, and then, believe me, they would Good.  From me you'll get Justice. Some day, and that day may never come, I would like to call upon you to do me a service in return. Where's Michael? Then the picture will wait for him. Everyone in the group feels the uneasiness as the Nazorine, my friend, tell me what I can do. You want him to stay in this country. Tom, what we need is an Act of Congress to allow Enzo to become a citizen. Not to one of our paisans...give it to a Jew Congressman in another district.  Who else is on the list for today? The Is it necessary? Thank you, Luca, my most valued friend. I'm sure it's the most generous gift today. And with prison record. When did he call? On a day like this.  Consiglero, do you also have in your notes the the Turk made his living from Prostitution before the war, like the Tattaglias do now.  Write that down before you forget it.  The What that?  It sounds like Johnny. He moves to the window, pulls the blinds up, flooding the room with light. It is Johnny.  He came all the way from California to be at the wedding. No.  Let the people enjoy him.  You see?  He is a good godson. My Godson has come three thousand miles to do us honor and no one thinks to wet his throat. At once a dozen wine glasses are offered to Can I do something for you still? You're not too rich, or too famous that I can't help you? Tell Santino to come in with us. He should hear some things. They go, leaving  All right, Hollywood...Now tell me about this Hollywood Pezzonovanta who won't let you work. You take care of your family? You look terrible.  I want you to eat well, to rest.  And spend time with your family.  And then, at the end of the month, this big shot will give you the part you want. I'll make him an offer he can't refuse. He takes Now go back to the party and leave it to me. He closes the door, smiling to himself.  Turns to When does my daughter leave with her bridegroom? No, give him a living.  But never let him know the family's business. What else, Tom? Genco will wait for me.  Santino, tell your brothers they will come with me to the hospital to see Genco.  Tell Fredo to drive the big car, and ask Johnny to come with us. All my sons. (to Will your girl friend get back to the city all right? What was this for? And this? And now, what do you choose to do? Good.  When you are finished, come and talk to me.  I have hopes for you. Again they regard each other without a word.  (whispered) Genco, I've brought my sons to pay their respects.  And look, even Johnny Fontane, all the way from Hollywood. I have no such power...but Genco, don't fear death. You blaspheme.  Resign yourself. Remember my new Consigliere, a lawyer with his briefcase can steal more than a hundred men with guns. Why do you come to me?  Why do I deserve your generosity? What percentages for my family? And what is the percentage of the Tattaglia family? So.  I receive 30 per cent just for finance and legal protection.  No worries about operations, is that what you tell me? I said I would see you because I've heard you're a serious man, to be treated with respect... (pause) But I'll say no to you. We feel this around the room. I'll give you my reasons.  I have many, many friends in Politics. But they wouldn't be so friendly if my business was narcotics instead of gambling.  They think gambling is something like liquor, a harmless No...how a man makes his living is none of my business.  But this proposition of yours is too risky. All the people in my family lived well the last ten years, I won't risk that out of greed. No. Young people are greedy, and they have no manners.  They speak when they should listen.  But I have a sentimental weakness for my children, and I've spoiled them, as you see.  But Signor Sollozzo, my Santino, never let anyone outside the family know what you are thinking.  I think your brain is going soft from all that comedy you play with that young girl. What is this nonsense? Send Johnny my congratulations. Tell Paulie to get the car from the lot; I'll be ready to go home in a few minutes. That's the third time this month. I think maybe you'd better get a healthier bodyguard for me.  Tell Tom. Merry Christmas. (handing the Fredo, Fredo! The paper bag has hit the ground, and the fruit begins rolling along the sidewalk, as we Well my friend, are you ready to do me this service? (staring at the table) I want you to use all your powers, all your skill, as you love me.  I do not want his mother to see him as he is. Page 100/157 Give me a drop of anisette. My wife was weeping before she fell asleep, outside my window I saw my caporegimes to the house, and it is midnight.  So, Consigliere of mine, I think you should tell your Don what everyone knows. But you needed a drink first. Now you've had your drink. Pause. I want no inquiries made.  No acts of vengeance. (pause) Consigliere, arrange a meeting with the heads of the five families...this war stops now. Call Bonasera...he will do me a service. And leaves.  Ah well, let's get down to business. We are all honorable men here, we don't have to give assurances as if we were lawyers. (he sits, gazes out at them, and sighs) Tattaglia has lost a son; I have lost a son.  We are quits.  Let there be a peace... (he gestures expressively, submissively, with My friends, I didn't refuse out of malice.  You all know me.  When have I ever refused an accommodation? But why, this time?  Because I think this drug business will destroy us in the years to come. I forego my vengeance for my dead son, for the common good.  But I have selfish reasons.  My youngest son had to flee, accused of Sollozzo's murder, and I must now make arrangements so that he can Mention it, don't insist.  Barzini is a man who will know that without being told. (shaking his head) Barzini. Tattaglia is a pimp.  He could never have outfought Santino.  But I wasn't sure until this day.  No, it was Barzini all along. The black limousine speeds away from us in the night. Be my son... This old building has seen its day. No way to do business...too small, too old. They enter the DON's glass-panelled office. I understand, Michael.  But you must make a family, you know. Accept what's happened, Michael. No, I wanted other things for you. Yes, but sons who would be professors, scientists, musicians...and grandchildren who could be, who knows, a Governor, a President even, nothing's impossible here in America. What else do you believe in? Believe in a family.  Can you believe in your country?  Those Pezzonovante of the State who decide what we shall do with our lives?  Who declare wars they wish us to fight in to protect what they Believe in a family; believe in a Code of Honor, older and higher, believe in Roots that go back thousands of years into your Race. Make a family, Michael, and protect Page 125/157 My son is head of the Family now. If you have his permission, you have my good will. Do you have faith in my judgement? Then do what Michael says... I told you that it wouldn't escape his eye. Tom, I never thought you were a bad Consigliere, I thought Santino a bad Don, rest in peace.  He had a good heart but he wasn't the right man to head the family when I had my misfortune.  Michael has all my I see you have your Luca Brasi. There are men in this world who demand to be killed.  They argue in gambling games; they jump out of their cars in a rage if someone so much as scratches their fender. These people wander through the Barzini will move against you first. He will get in touch with you through someone you absolutely trust.  That person will arrange a meeting, guarantee your safety... He rises, and looks at Michael... ...and at that meeting you will be assassinated. The Your wife and children...you're happy with them? Good. And I...you.", "son:": "the wedding party.  He warmly shakes the hands, squeezes the hands of the friends and guests, pinches the cheeks of the children, and makes them all welcome.  They in turn carry with them gallons of homemade wine, cartons of freshly baked bread and pastries, and enormous trays of Italian delicacies. The entire family poses for a family", "SONNY:": "He'll be here Pop, it's still early. Sandra, watch the kids.  They're running wild. Buddy, this is a private party. The Goddamn FBI...don't respect nothing. And Michael? It's me, Sonny. The door opens, and two lovely arms are around him, pulling him into the apartment. The Tattaglia family guarantees our investment? Yeah. I think so.  Detective squad? Is he alive? Theresa, let me talk to Tom.  Not yet?  Have him call me as soon as he gets home. He hangs up. (calmly) They shot the old man. Honey...don't worry.  Nothing else is going to happen. There is a Where the hell was Paulie, why wasn't he with the Don? How many times did he stay home the last couple of months? Go get Paulie, I don't care how sick he is.  Pick him up yourself, and bring him to my father's house. No, just you and Paulie. A couple of our people will come to stay here.  Do whatever they say; I'm going over to the main house. If you want me, use Pop's special phone. The telephone rings again.  Hello. Yeah. (quietly) I'll wait. Ma?  Ma, where are you. The kitchen door swings open.  He moves quickly and takes her by the arm.  He is deliberately calm. Ma, I just got a call.  Pop's hurt...I don't know how bad. Page 43/157 (almost in tears) We don't know yet, Ma. Tessio...This is Santino Corleone. I want fifty reliable men out here. I don't want to use Clemenza's people right now.  Understood? He hangs up.  He moves quickly to a wall safe; operates the dial, and removes a small notebook.  He takes it back to the desk, and runs over the list of numbers with his forefinger. We follow the names, until the finger stops at Luca. Don't worry, Theresa; they just want to give Tom the proposition, then they're going to turn him loose. He reassuringly hugs I was worried when we couldn't get in touch with you in that hick town. Oh no you can't, the old man'd be sore as hell if I let you get mixed up in this. Theresa. She understands, and leaves them alone. All right, Mikey...who do we have to hit, Clemenza or Paulie? One of them fingered the old man. You're right, kid, Clemenza is okay. It was Paulie. Until the old man tells me different. Sollozzo is a dead man, I don't care what it costs.  I don't care if we have to fight all the five families in New York.  The Tattaglia family's going to eat dirt.  I don't care if we all go down I know I'm not the man he was.  But I'll tell you this and he'll tell you too.  When it comes to real action, I can operate as good as anybody short range. Christ, if I could only contact Luca. The cops have it locked in and I got my people there visiting Pop all the time.  What about the hit list. If Luca sold out we're in real trouble. No, and I've been calling all night. Maybe he's shacked up. Tom, you're the Consigliere, what do we do if the old man dies? (angry) That's easy to say; it's not your father. Oh Christ Tom, I didn't mean it that way.  What is it? Tessio, see what it is. Yeah.  Hang around. Clemenza.  You take care of Paulie. I don't ever want to see him again. Understood? Okay, now you can move your men into the Mall, replace Tessio's people.  Mike, tomorrow you take a couple of Clemenza's people and go to Luca's apartment and wait for him to show.  That crazy bastard  You take care of Paulie? Where are you going?  I've got a hundred button men on the streets twenty-four hours a day. If Sollozzo shows one hair on his ass he's dead. He sees Mikey, you look beautiful! The Turk wants to talk!  The nerve of that son of a bitch!  After he craps out last night he wants a meet. Sure, he wants us to send Mike to meet him to hear his proposition. The promise is the deal will be so good we can't refuse. Part of the No, no Consiglere.  Not this time. No more meetings, no more discussions, no more Sollozzo tricks.  Give them one Then And when they shot me father... No no, no more advice on how to patch it up Tom.  You just help me win.  Understood? (still fuming) McCluskey can't stay with the Turk Page 72/157 The kid's right. Go on Mike. What are you, inspecting the barracks? Sollozzo and McCluskey are going to pick you up in an hour and a half on Times Square, under the big Camels sign. That could be a Tattaglia informer with the meeting place. I want somebody very good, very safe to plant that gun.  I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hand. (to Probably a year... Can you do it Mike? Yeah. The car drives off; accompanied and escorted by the bodyguards in their cars. It's me, Sonny. We hear the bolt slide back, and see the door open.  (tenderly) Connie, what is it? He turns her around in his arms. Her face is swollen and bruised; and we can tell from her rough, red eyes that she has been crying for a long time. As soon as he realizes what's happened, his face goes red I'm goin' to have the doctor come over and take a look at you. He starts to leave. Hey.  Con.  What'm I goin' to do? Make your kid a orphan before he's born. She laughs with him.  He kisses her reassuringly, and leaves. You...bastard...You...hurt my sister... again...and I'll kill...you. He wipes the sweat from his face, and then turns suddenly. and hurries back to the car, in a moment his car is gone, leaving even his bodyguards in confusion.  We notice Pop, they hit us and we hit them back. Freddie's gonna go to Las Vegas...under the protection of Don Francesco of We'll let the old man take it easy for a couple of weeks.  I want to get things going good before he gets better.  What's the matter with you? No more stalemate Tom, we got the soldiers, we'll match them gun for gun if that's how they want it. They know me for what I am, Tom-- and they're scared of me. Well it's war!  We might not be in this shape if we had a real war- time Consiglere, a Sicilian.  Pop had Genco, who do I have? Yeah Connie. (in a controlled voice) You wait there.  You just wait there. He hangs up the phone; and just stands there for a moment. (quietly) That sonofabitch; that sonofabitch...", "SANDRA:": "You watch yourself. Oh God... (really frightened)", "CLEMENZA:": "Paulie...wine...WINE. He mops his sweating forehead with a big handkerchief. What are you, a dance judge?  Go do your job; take a walk around the neighborhood... see everything is okay. (excited) You heard about your father? The word is out in the streets that he's dead. Paulie's been a little sick all winter...he was home. Maybe three, four times.  I always asked Freddie if he wanted another bodyguard, but he said no.  Things have been so smooth the last ten years... That's all?  Don't you want me to send some people over here? Your mother's at the hospital with the old Outside. Understood. A Sicilian Crazy Detroit delivered it with a wooden bumper.  They're going to send me the chrome bumpers in a couple months.  I waited two years for this car to come with wooden bumpers! Today you make your bones on Paulie. You understand everything? .22 soft-nosed load.  Accurate up to five feet. Goddamn Sonny.  He's running scared. He's already thinking of going to the mattresses.  We have to find a place on the West Side.  Paulie, you know a good location? (grunting) Drive while you thinking; I wanna get to the City this month! The car pulls out. Pay attention!  You wait; I'll call. He walks, tucking his shirt into his pants, around the corner and enters the Luna Restaurant. He talked my ear off.  Want us to go back to Long Beach; have another job for us.  Rocco, you live in the City, can we drop you off? Maybe, or you gotta know now. Paulie, pull over.  I gotta take a leak. The car pulls off the Causeway, into the reeds.  Leave the gun. Some dame. How come you don't tell that nice girl you love her...here, learn something... you may have to feed fifty guys some day.  You start with olive oil...fry some garlic, see.  And then fry some sausage...or meat You won't see Paulie anymore.  He's sick for good this winter. Sollozzo knows Mike's a civilian. How come all the new men? Just let your hand drop to your side, and let the gun slip out. Everybody will still think you got Page 74/157 Mostly it gives witnesses an excuse to change their identification when we make them see the light.  Then you take a long vacation and we catch the hell. Probably all the other families will line up against us.  But, it's alright.  These things have to happen once every ten years or so...gets rid of the bad blood. You gotta stop 'em at the beginning. It's okay...the hostage is outside playing pinochle with three of my men. The phone rings in the DON's office. Mike, they're gonna frisk you in the car.  You'll be clean so they won't worry 'bout nothing.  In the restaurant, wait and talk a while, and then ask permission to go.  See? Then when you come out, don't waste We gotta move... You said there would come a day when Tessio and me could form our own Families.  Only with your Page 134/157 Then in a six month time we're on our own; is that it? And I don't like Barzini.  I say the Corleone Family has to move from strength, not weakness.  We should build our Regimes and take back our lost territories in Staten Island, at least. Yes, Godfather... Don Corleone... The smile fades from KAY's face, as she looks at what her husband has become.", "PAULIE:": "You look terrif on the floor! Who knows?  Maybe more.  Twenty, thirty grand in small bills cash in that silk purse.  Holy Toledo, if this was somebody else's wedding! The guy at the gate's outside...says there's a package... You want me to hang around? Outside? Sure. He closes the door. Rocco, sit on the other side.  A big guy like you blocks my rearview mirror. I'll think about it. Good for ten men... You think we'll go for that last place? Holy cow, I don't gotta know nothing.", "INT DAY:": " The The empty hallway.  The bathroom door opens and    Outside,  A long white hospital corridor, at the end of which we can see a grouping of  Looking toward the staircase we can hear SOLLOZZO's footsteps before he actually rises into view.  He is a small man, very dark, with curly black hair.  But wiry, and tight and hard, and obviously very dangerous.  He is greeted at the head of the stairs by It is large, dominated by a huge bed, in which a man, presumably    Inside the tunnel;   They enter the house past the scores of new and strange faces.     A A A Ten mattresses are spread out around the otherwise empty living room of an apartment.  A A A neatly stacked pile of newspapers in the corner of an apartment.  We catch a glimpse of one He knocks on the door.  No answer.  Then again. In the living room, Inside the Main The All the The  She runs into the bedroom; he follows.  She moves into a corner, and then like a desperate animal, tries to hide under the bed. He reaches under, and pulls her out by the hair. Page 96/157 In the kitchen at the Mall, The Board Room of a bank, daylight shines in the windows. Morning.     A whole entourage precedes The little  Inside the Church,  In a Long Island motel. The Church.  In the Church--the  The   The door opens, and the grim party enters. Inside the Corleone house.  Big boxes have been packed; furniture prepared for shipping. She moves back into the kitchen and begins to prepare the drinks.  From her vantage point, as she smilingly makes the drinks, she sees ", "NAZORINE:": "...a fine boy from Sicily, captured by the American Army, and sent to New Jersey as a prisoner of war... Now that the war is over, Enzo, this boy is being repatriated to Italy.  And you see, Godfather... (he wrings his hands, unable to express himself) He...my daughter...they... Godfather, you understand everything. (impressed) An Act of Congress! Page 7/157 Is that all?  Godfather, thank you... (backing out, enthusiastically) Oh, wait till you see the cake I made for your beautiful daughter!", "HAGEN:": "(nodding) It will cost. The Who do I give this job to? The Francesco Nippi.  His nephew has been refused parole.  A bad case. You understand him better than anyone. The Hello Kay.  Your father's inside, doing some business. (privately) He's been asking for you. The Senator called--apologized for not coming personally, but said you'd understand.  Also, some of the Judges...they've all sent gifts. And another call from Virgil Sollozzo. The action is narcotics.  Sollozzo has contacts in Turkey for the poppy, in Sicily for the plants to process down to morphine or up to heroin.  Also he has access to this country.  He's coming to us for He's his own boss, and very competent. Two terms; one in Italy, one in the United States.  He's known to the Government as a top narcotics man. That could be a plus for us; he could never get immunity to testify. This morning. Should I bring him in. It's been two years.  He's probably in trouble again. Sonny? Then he goes up. The old man wants you; Johnny's here...he's got a problem. They'll cut the cake in a few minutes...leave right after that. Your new son-in-law, do we give him something important? Page 20/157 I've called the hospital; they've notified Consiglere Genco's family to come and wait.  He won't last out the night. This saddens the Understood. Mr. Corleone is Johnny's Godfather. That is very close, a very sacred religious relationship. He never asks a second favor when he has been refused the first. Understood? I'm German-Irish. It's from Johnny.  It was announced this morning.  He's going to play Page 31/157 Right. He smiles.  Michael called; he's not leaving New Hampshire until tomorrow morning.  I've got to go, I promised Theresa I'd pick up some toys for the kids. The I haven't got time. (pulling himself together) Sonny will come after you with everything he's got. Even Sonny won't be able to call off Luca Brasi. I'll try...It's what the Don would want us to do. If I plead before the Supreme Court, I'll never do better than I did tonight with that Turk. Is the hospital covered? Too much, too far, too personal. The Don would consider this all Page 51/157 What about Luca?  Sollozzo didn't seem worried about Luca.  That worries me. Has anyone been able to get in touch with him? Luca never sleeps over with a broad. He always goes home when he's through.  Mike, keep ringing Luca's number. Keep trying every fifteen minutes. (exhausted) Without your father's political contacts and personal influence, the Corleone family loses half its Page 52/157 (quietly) I was as good a son to him as you or Mike. We're all tired... Maybe Mike shouldn't get mixed up in this so directly.  You know the old man doesn't want that. Was there a definite proposal? What about that Tattaglias?  What will they do about Bruno? We should hear what they have to say. The other families won't sit still for all out war. Page 71/157 Come Yes, even the shooting of your father was business, not personal... I found out about this Captain McCluskey who broke Mike's jaw. He's definitely on Sollozzo's payroll, and for big money. McCluskey's agreed to be the Turk's bodyguard.  What you have to What about McCluskey? We don't let Mike go until we have the hostage, Sonny. No.  Our informer in McCluskey's precinct.  Tonight at (starting to crack) Jesus, I don't know... Kay, we weren't expecting you.  You should call... Nobody knows where he is.  We know he's all right, but that's all. An accident.  No one was hurt. Sure...I'm sorry. They hurry through the rain and into the Main House. If I accept that letter and you told a Court of Law I accepted it, they would interpret it as my having knowledge of his whereabouts. Just wait Kay, he'll contact you. We hear footsteps descending the staircase; Mama, no. ...since McCluskey's killing, the police have cracked down on most of our operations...on the other families too.  There's been a lot of bad blood. The We put out a lot of material through our contacts in the Newspapers...about McCluskey's being tied up with Sollozzo in the Drug Rackets...things are starting to loosen up. Michael... (he takes a breath) It was Michael who killed Sollozzo. The He's safe now...we're already working on ways to bring him back. The You start operating, the five families will start their raids again.  We're at a stalemate Sonny, your war is costing us a lot of money. Go after him. (quietly) (quietly) I didn't tell Mama anything.  I was about to come up and wake you and tell you.  Just now. Yes. This is Tom Hagen; I'm calling for Don Corleone, at his request. You owe the Don a service.  He has no doubt that you will repay it. You mean Tattaglia. (a revelation) He was the one behind Sollozzo? Mike, why are you cutting me out of the action? I'm not talking about that.  I'm talking about Rocco Lampone building a secret regime.  Why does Neri report directly to you, rather than through me or a caporegime? Bookkeepers know everything. Rocco's men are all a little too good for the jobs they're supposed to be doing.  They get a little more money than the job's worth. (pause)  Maybe I can help. Did he give you his politicians? How will they come at you? Have you agreed on a meeting? You'd better make your call to Barzini; Michael's ready. (gravely) I'm sure he will. Page 149/157 (gently) I can't go with you either, Tessio. He flashes at the men surrounding him; for a moment he panics, and then he accepts it. He understands that. I can't.", "EXT DAY:": "   The DON's eyes peering through the blinds.     Now all the wedding Silence.   An unimposing little building in New York City on Mott Street with a large old Fifth Avenue in the snow.  Christmas week.  People are bundled up with rosy faces, rushing to buy presents. Morning in a simple Brooklyn suburb.  There are rows of pleasant houses; driveway after driveway, down the block.  A dark, somber young man of thirty-one or two walks with a noticeable limp down the sidewalk, and rings the bell.  This is Inside The Car crosses to the Midtown Tunnel in the late Winter light. New part of the city; the car pulls up in a parking lot.  The car moves along the ready beach area of the causeway. Inside,    Several cars are parked in front of a pleasant New York apartment building.  We recognize a couple of SONNY's bodyguards loafing by the cars, pitching playing cards against the curb. Inside the building, two others wait quietly by the rows of brass   A hospital in New York City.  The Corleone Mall. Equally impressive security stands ready at the Corleone Mall.  One ambulance, speeding along the Grand Central Parkway, preceded and followed by a dark car, each one carrying a team of   SONNY's car on the Jones Beach Causeway, speeds quickly by. After a pause, another car, with the Day in Manhattan.  An impressive Bank Building in the financial center of New York.  Many limousines are parked, uniforms and plain-clothed A The The They continue in the empty streets of a little town; the post-war poverty is evident in the skinny dogs; and the empty streets.  Occasionally, a military vehicle, the only gasoline-powered vehicles on the road, will pass.  And there are many Out in a field, in the distance, they come upon a procession of peasants and activists, perhaps two hundred strong, marching, and singing, and in the lead, are five or six men carrying billowing red banners. They are in an orange grove; on the other side of the trees is a deep, tall field of wild flowers. The Shepherds unsling their guns and knapsacks, and take out loaves of bread, some wine, sausage and cheese. The They continue their long hike, high on a promentory; until they hesitate, and look down.  A green ribboned field of a baronial Estate.  Further ahead is a villa so Roman it looks as though it had just been discovered in the ruins of Pompeii.  There is a group of young village The little village built attendant to the Baronial Estate, is decked with the flowers the girls had been picking.   Now the little Alpha drives into the village near VITELLI's cafe.  Church bells in an ancient belfry ring out.  Music, old and dissonant, plays. There is a bridal procession in the street of the village; Page 118/157  Morning.  There is the car, with Easter. A A The car pulls up at the Flamingo Hotel. Inside the  The limousine arrives at the Mall.  We are inside.  Very few people in the streets.   Later on the Mall; some people have left, although there are still hundreds of mourners. A young The Cemetery.  Late day. The hundreds of cars, limousines and flower cars line the stone wall that surrounds this Italian-Catholic cemetary in Queens Village. Hundreds of people stand in a cluster; others watch; take pictures, etc.  The Church. Various relatives and friends are beginning to gather at the Church.  They laugh and talk.  A     The The christening party outside the Church. Four or five limousines have been waiting; now pull up to receive The    ", "HAGEN (O.S.)": "His father worked with you in the freight yards when you were young. He's not on the list, but Luca Brasi wants to see you. Sonny?  Sonny, you in there? Sure.  Anything I can do for you. This is Tom Hagen.  I'm calling for Don Corleone, at his request. You owe the Don a service.  In one hour, not before, perhaps later, he will be at your funeral parlor to ask for your help.  Be there to greet him.  If you have any objections speak now, and I'll Good.  He never doubted you. Yes. (click)", "KAY:": "I've never seen anything like it. (amused) Michael, what are those men doing? They're talking to themselves. Why do they bother him on a day like this? (in a spooky low tone) Michael, that scarey guy...Is he a relative? She has picked out (Excited) Who is he? Yes.  Tell me. You know I love spaghetti. Al Capone! Michael... Michael you're trying to scare me... Michael, I don't want to hear anymore... Michael, I love you. I never know when you're telling me the truth. He's coming over here! (having survived If he's your brother, why does he have a different name? I didn't know your family knew Johnny Fontane. I used to come down to New York whenever he sang at the Capitol and scream my head off. Just you. They kiss. What will your father say? What time do they expect us? Michael. Michael, what are you doing? Hello...this is Long Distance.  I have a call from New Hampshire.  Mr. Michael Corleone.  One moment please. She hands the phone to Would you like me better if I were a nun? Would you like me better if I were Ingrid Bergman? They have passed a little enclosed newsstand.  (a little voice) Michael? Michael... Can I go to the hospital with you? My parents don't read the Daily News.  All right, if you think I Page 62/157 When will I see you again? When will I see you again? Goodbye. I've tried calling and writing.  I want to reach Michael. What was that? Listen Tom, I let my cab go; can I come in to call another one? Will you give this to him. Will you give this letter to Michael. Why did they blame Michael? Oh Michael. Don't you want dinner first? Wake me up when you come to bed? The little Your sister wants to ask you something. She's afraid to.  Michael... Why are you so cold to her and Carlo?  They live with us on the Mall now, but you never get close to them. Connie and Carlo want you to be godfather to their little boy. Will you? How is your husband feeling? (comforting) Connie... But Connie... Connie, how could you say such things? Michael, it's not true.  Please tell me. Tell me! Is it true? She looks directly into his eyes, he returns the look, so directly that we know he will tell the truth. (through her tears) We both need a drink.", "MICHAEL:": "I told you I had a lot of relatives. They're waiting to see my father. They're going to talk to my father, which means they're going to ask him for something, which means they better get it right. Because they know that no Sicilian will refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day. (Sizing her up) You really want to know? You like spaghetti? Then eat your spaghetti and I'll tell you a Luca Brasi story. She starts to eat her spaghetti. She begins eating, looking at him eagerly. Once upon a time, about fifteen years ago some people wanted to take over my father's olive oil business.  They had Al Capone send some men in from Chicago to kill my father, and they almost did. My Father sent Luca Brasi after them.  He tied the two Capone men hand and foot, and stuffed small bath towels into their mouths. Then he took an ax, and chopped one man's feet off... Then the legs at the knees... Then the thighs where they joined the torso. Then Luca turned to the other man... ...who out of sheer terror had swallowed the bath towel in his mouth and suffocated. The smile on his face seems to indicate that he is telling a tall story. I told you you wouldn't like him. My brother, Tom Hagen. Thanks Tom. My brother Sonny found him living in the streets when he was a kid, so my father took him in.  He's a good lawyer. Sure. He's my father's godson; he owes him his whole career. Tom said he'd take care of it. The For bravery. For killing a man. I fought for my country.  It was my choice. I'm going to finish school. And what do you want for Christmas? As long as I tell him beforehand he won't object.  He'll be hurt, but he won't object. For dinner.  Unless I call and tell them we're still in New Hampshire. Then we can have dinner, see a show, and spend one more night. Page 33/157 Shhh, you be the long distance operator.  Here. Hello, Tom?  Michael.  Yeah... listen, we haven't left yet.  I'm driving down to the city with Kay tomorrow morning.  There's something important I want to tell the old man before Christmas.  Will he be No. I'm thinking about it. No, I would not like you better if you were Ingrid Bergman. Page 37/157 (desperately) They don't say if he's dead or alive. Thanks. He moves to (gently) You heard from Tom yet? Without looking up, she clings to him for a moment, and trembles.  Occasionally, (taking her hand) C'mon. He leads her into his father's office without knocking. How's Mom? I can help you out... Jesus Christ, he's my father, Sonny. What? Clemenza?  No, I don't believe it. How can you be sure? Is it going to be all-out war, like last time? Then wait, Sonny.  Talk to Pop. (softly) That's not how Pop would have played it. (calmly) All right, Sonny.  All right. Page 50/157 Is it like they say?  Is he that good? Outside, we Hello.  Kay? He'll be Yeah Kay, I'm here. Huh? I can't... Look.  I'll see you tonight, To the city. I don't need them, Sonny.  I'm just going to see Pop in the hospital. Also, I got other things. Visiting hour ends at eight thirty. I'll just sit with him; I want to show respect. I don't think so.  You don't want to end up on page 3 of the Daily News. I don't think so either. (silence) I better go. I want you to go back to New Hampshire...think things over. He leans over her; kisses her. Goodbye. Quietly, he moves out the door. Hello?  Hello? Now he knows something is happening, he moves quickly, alertly.  I'm Michael Corleone--this is my father.  What happened to the detectives who were guarding him? You just stand here one minute... Quickly he moves to the telephone, dials a number. Sonny...Sonny--Jesus Christ, I'm down at the hospital.  I came down late.  There's no one here.  None of Tessio's people--no detectives, no one.  The old man is completely unprotected. (furiously, but kept inside) I won't panic. He hangs up; returns to the (coldly) You and I are going to move my father right now...to another room on another floor...Can you disconnect those tubes so we can wheel the bed out? You've read about my father in the papers.  You've seen that no one's here to guard him.  Now I've just gotten word that men are coming to this hospital to kill him.  Believe me and help me. Hurry, into there. They push it into the first available room.  (stepping out) Who is it? Page 66/157 Enzo, get out of here.  There's going to be trouble. A look of fear sweeps through ENZO's face. Go outside; stand in front...I'll be out in a minute. Pop...Pop, it's me Michael.  Shhhh, don't try to speak.  There are men who are coming to try to kill you. But I'm with you...I'm with you now... The Get rid of those and look like you've got a gun in your pocket. The windows of the hospital twinkle with Christmas decorations. Listen... We I'll stay until you put guards around my father's room. (deliberately, right to McCLUSKEY's face, as he's being handcuffed) How much is the Turk paying you to set my father up, Captain? Without any warning, McCLUSKEY leans back and hits Christ, Sonny really means business. They continue walking.  Cut it out. We can't wait.  No matter what Sollozzo say about a deal, he's figuring out how to kill Pop.  You have to get Sollozzo now. Let's say now that we have to kill McCluskey.  We'll clear that up through our Newspaper contacts later. They want me to go to the conference with Sollozzo.  Set up the meeting for two days from now.  Sonny, get our informers to find out where the meeting will be held. Insist it has to be a public (angrily, but cold) Sonny, it's all personal, and I learned it from him, the old man, the Godfather.  He took my joining the Marines personal.  I take Sollozzo trying to kill my father How bad will it be? Why don't you stop living like a bum and get this place cleaned up. A million times.  I want to settle things tonight.  I want my father left alone. We're going to New Jersey? (using English for emphasis) Most important...I want a sure guarantee that no more attempts will be made on my father's life. Is it all right if I go to the bathroom? Now I can talk.  I feel much better. The Don Tommassino. Calo and Fabrizzio are with me; nothing will happen. I know. Corleone. I was told that my Grandfather was murdered on its main street; and Page 109/157 Don Tommassino...I should see this place. No...I would like to walk to Corleone. The How do you know I come from America? Only the son of a Pezzonovanta. Yes. (sternly) Shhhhh. He settles down to watch. The What are you talking about? She wore a red dress, and a red ribbon in her hair.  She looks more Greek than Italian.  Do you know a beauty like that? As Innkeeper.  More wine! Tell him to come to me. The two (quietly) I understand I've offended you by talking about your daughter.  I offer you my apologies, I'm a stranger in this country, I don't know the customs very well.  Let me I am an American hiding in Sicily from the police of my country.  My name is Michael.  You can inform the police and make your fortune but then your daughter would lose a Page 116/157 When the proper time comes, I'll tell you everything that a wife's father should know. Your daughter's name? It's safer to teach you English. Ciao, Don Tommassino. Things went badly in Palermo? Is that why there are more men on the walls? What is it? Get the car.  I'll be leaving in ten minutes.  Where's Calo? No, she's going home to her family. She'll join me in a few weeks... No, I'll get it.  Where's Appolonia? Tell Fabrizzio and wait for me in the car. He leaves the kitchen, after a quick sip of coffee. He looks out from the opening in the doorway. (muttering to himself) Where the hell is he going? No.  No! His shout is drowned in the roar of a tremendous Fabrizzio.  Let your shepherds know that the one who gives me Fabrizzio will own the finest pastures in Sicily. (pained) No. I want children, I want a family. But I don't know when. I could accept everything that's happened; I could accept it, but that I never had a choice.  From the time I was born, you had laid this all out for me. You wanted me to be your son. Then why have I become a man like you? A man has to choose what he will be. I believe that. Why didn't Moe Green meet us at the airport? You look good, too. They enter the suite. (dryly) No. Come here a minute, Fredo. Who are those girls? Give them some money and send them home. Get rid of them... Johnny, the Corleone family is thinking of selling out all our interests in the Olive Oil business and settling here.  Moe Greene will sell us his interest so it can be wholly owned by friends of the I'll make him an offer he can't refuse. Thanks. Is my credit good enough to buy you out? Your casino loses money.  Maybe we can do better. (the worst insult) You're unlucky. You took Freddie in because the Corleone family bankrolled your casino.  You and the Corleone family are evened out.  This is for business; name your price. (quietly, deadly) Is that why you thought you could slap Freddie around in public? You straightened my brother out? I have to go back to New York tomorrow.  Think of your price. Freddie, you're my older brother. I love you.  But don't ever take sides with anybody against the Family again. I have to see my father and his people when we get back to the Mall. No, you eat...don't wait up for me. Let I'm busy. Let me think about it, In six months you can break off from the Corleone Family and go on your own.  Carlo, I'm counting on you to make the move to Nevada; you'll be my right-hand man out there.  Tom Hagen is no longer the He's going to be our lawyer in Vegas.  Nobody goes to him with any other business as of now, this minute.  No reflection on Tom; that's the way I want it.  Besides, if I ever need any advice, who's a Maybe less... No.  I want things very calm for another six months. All I can say is that things are being resolved that are more effective than a thousand buttonmen on the streets.  Understood? There are uneasy looks all around. I'll come to you when I need you. He looks at All right, then it's resolved. Tom, we're going to be legitimate all the way, and you're the legal man.  What could be more important than that. How did you find out? Not so perfectly if you noticed. You're not a wartime Consigliere. Things may get tough with the move we're trying. (coldly) You're out, Tom. I'm going to talk to my father. I'll need him. How? Yes. I've always respected you... A long silence.  The He talked to you? (softly) Christ, Tom; I needed more time with him.  I really needed him. Not all...I needed another four months and I would have had them all. (he looks at I know now. (a passion wells up inside of (nods) A week from tonight.  In Brooklyn on Tessio's ground, where I'll be safe. But after the Baptism.  I've decided to stand as godfather to Connie's baby. They look up. The coffin is lowered into an excavation, behind which stands an enormous stone monument; it is of a weeping angel, I do renounce him. I do renounce them. I do wish to be baptized. Go back to your house and wait for me... He kisses (to You have to answer for Santino. The smile on CARLO's face slowly fades, then, in a foolish attempt for safety, he slams the door in their faces and backs into the living room. You fingered Sonny for the Barzini people.  That little farce you played out with my sister.  Did Barzini kid you that would fool a Corleone? (quietly) Barzini is dead.  So is Philip Tattaglia, so are Strachi, Cuneo and Moe Greene...I want to square all the family accounts tonight. Page 151/157 (almost kindly) Don't be frightened.  Do you think I'd make my sister a widow?  Do you think I'd make your children fatherless?  After all, I'm Godfather to your son.  No, your (softly) Good, good.  Leave now; there's a car waiting to take you to the airport. I'll call your wife and tell her what flight you're on. (smiles) Speak your mind. No.  This I have to do. Where's the boss? She's hysterical. But Don't ask me. All right, this one time I'll let you ask about my affairs, one last time. (after a very long pause) No.", "CARLO:": "(whispered) Cut it out, Connie. The purse, looped by a ribbon of silk around CONNIE's arm, Page 10/157 Shut up. What was that? (defending himself) You're crazy.  She was kidding around; I don't know, some nut. He pushes her aside, and moves into the bedroom to continue dressing.  I'm not hungry yet. You filthy guinea spoiled brat. Clean it up or I'll kick your head in. Clean it up! He swings the belt against her heavy hips.  She moves back into the kitchen, and gets a kitchen knife, and holds it ready. Even the female Corleones are murderers. He puts the strap down on a table, and moves after her.  She makes a sudden thrust at his groin, which he avoids.  He pulls the knife away, cutting his hand in the process.  She gets away momentarily, but he pursues her around the table, You're fat as a pig. Then he pushes her away, and walks out of the room, leaving her in tears.  She is crying; she pulls herself to the bedroom phone, and in a Understood.  I just wish I was doing more to help out. (anxious to please) Jesus, Connie...Sure, Mike... Godfather! (dignity) I swear I'm innocent.  I swear on the head of my children, I'm innocent.  Mike, don't do this to me, please Mike, don't do this to me! (sees his way out) Barzini.", "PAULIE (O.S.)": "What do you think?  Twenty grand? A little distance away, a young man,", "WOMAN:": "Is it true what they say about your husband, Sandra? SANDRA's hands separate with expanding width further and further apart until she bursts into a peal of laughter. Through her separated hands she sees the Wedding Dais.", "YOUNG COUPLE.": "", "LUCA (O.S.)": "Don Corleone...", "LUCA:": "(with difficulty) Don Corleone...I am honored, and Page 14/157 Let me leave you, Don Corleone.  I know you are busy. He turns, almost an about-face, and leaves the study with the same formality he entered with.  I know. If the money is good enough.", "JOHNNY:": "I kept trying to call you after my divorce and Tom always said you were busy.  When I got the Wedding invitation I knew you weren't sore at me anymore, Godfather. I'm not rich anymore, Godfather, and...my career, I'm almost washed up... He's very disturbed.  The He owns the studio.  Just a month ago he bought the movie rights to this book, a best seller.  And the main character is a guy just like me.  I wouldn't even have to act, Page 19/157 Sure. He glances at It's too late.  All the contracts have been signed, they're almost ready to shoot. Sure, I'll do anything for my Godfather.  You know that, Mike. There is knock on the door. ", "HAGEN.": "", "LUCY:": "Sonnyeeeeeeee. Her head bouncing against the door with the rhythm of his body.  But there is a knocking as well.  They stop, freeze in that position.", "SONNY (O.S.)": "Okay.  One minute. All right, get him in a different room; lock the door from the inside. I'll have some men there inside of fifteen minutes.  Sit tight, and don't panic.", "driver's seat:": "sits between", "GENCO:": "Godfather, Godfather, it's your daughter's wedding day, you cannot refuse me.  Cure me, you have the power. You need your old Consigliere.  Who will replace me? (suddenly) Stay with me Godfather.  Help me meet death.  If he sees you, he will be frightened and leave me in", "INT NIGHT:": " The honeymoon  The hallway of an apartment building.   A      ", "FADE IN:": "The interior of a non-stop Constellation.          ", "WOLTZ:": "You should have told me your boss was Corleone, Tom, I had to check you out.  I thought you were just some third rate hustler Johnny was running in to bluff me. (a piece of statuary) I'm going to show you something beautiful. They pass the stables, and come to rest by a stall with a huge bronze plaque attached to the outside You like horses?  I like horses, I love 'em.  Beautiful, expensive Racehorses. The animal inside is truly beautiful.  Khartoum...Kartoum...You are looking at six hundred thousand dollars on four hoofs.  I bet even Russian Czars never paid that kind of dough for a single horse.  But I'm not going to race him I'm going Okay, but just tell him this is one favor I can't give.  But he should try me again on anything else. You smooth son of a bitch, let me lay it on the line for you, and your boss.  Johnny Fontane never gets that movie.  I don't care how many Dago, Guinea, wop Greaseball Goombahs come out of the woodwork! Okay my Kraut-Mick friend, Johnny will never get that part because I hate that pinko punk and I'm going Page 27/157", "SOLLOZZO:": "My business is heroin, I have poppy fields, laboratories in Narseilles and Sicily, ready to go into production.  My importing methods are as safe as these things can be, about five per cent loss.  The risk I need two million dollars in cash...more important, I need a friend who has people in high places; a friend who can guarantee that if one of my employees be arrested, they would get only light Thirty per cent.  In the first year your share would be four million dollars; then it would go up. My compliments.  I'll take care of them from my share. Page 29/157 If you think two million dollars in cash is just finance, I congratulate you Don Corleone. There is a long silence; in which each person present feels the tension.  The Are you worried about security for your million? Page 30/157 The Tattaglias will guarantee your investment also. This startles (quietly) Don't be frightened.  I just want to talk to you. A car parked at the curb suddenly flings its rear door open. (urgently) Get in; I want to talk to you. Get in the car.  If I wanted to kill you you'd be dead already. Trust me. Do you know who I am? You've been talking to the Tattaglias.  They thought we could do business. On the first shipment, I can guarantee you fifty thousand dollars. I know you're not in the muscle end of the family--so I don't want you to be afraid.  I want you to help the Corleones and I want you to help me. HAGEN's hands are trembling as he tries to put a cigarette Your boss is dead... (pushing the bottle) Have some more.  We got him outside his office, just before I picked you up.  You have to make the peace between me and Santino. Sonny was hot for my deal, right? You know it's the smart thing to do, too.  I want you to talk Sonny into it. That's going to be his first reaction.  You have to talk some sense into him.  The Tattaglia family stands behind me with all Page 45/157 The Don was slipping; in the old days I could never have gotten to him.  Now he's dead, nothing can bring him back.  Talk to Sonny, talk to the Caporegimes, Clemenza and Tessio...it's good business. I'll worry about Luca.  You take care of Sonny and the other two kids. (lifting his hands in an expression of harmlessness) Good...then you can go... (he escorts him to the door) I don't like violence.  I'm a The old man is still alive.  Five bullets in his Sicilian hide and he's still alive. (he gives a fatalistic shrug) Bad luck for me, bad luck for you. The Godfather is next. He won't be; I swear to you be my children he won't be.  Just keep an open mind when we talk.  I hope you're not a hothead like your brother, Sonny.  It's impossible to talk business with him. (sly) Maybe. Page 79/157 Nice work; I'll remember it. Try the veal; it's the finest in New York. The solitary What guarantees can I give you?  I am the hunted one.  I've missed my chance.  You think too highly of me, my friend...I am not so clever...all I want if a truce... What is it? Don't take too long.", "----------------------------------------FADE OUT--------": "", "MICHAEL (O.S.)": "We'll have a quiet, civil ceremony at the City Hall, no big fuss, no family, just a couple of friends as witnesses. The two are in each other's arms in a mess of bedsheets on the two single beds that they have pushed together. No.  I guess I'll see you Christmas. Everyone's going to be out at Long Beach, right? Just be patient. Be patient. No, I don't want to give Barzini an excuse to start fighting.", "MICHAEL (CONT'D.)": "Operator.  Get me (fill in number)", "FREDO:": "I'll have to get it myself; Paulie called in sick this morning. (going) Paulie's a good kid.  If he's sick, he's sick.  I don't mind getting the car. He had business at the hotel, but he'll drop in for dinner. From the expression on MICHAEL's face we know this is a discourtesy. You look wonderful, kid; really wonderful.  That doctor did some job on your face. Page 126/157 Nice, eh? (hurrying into the bedroom) Kid, take a look-see. Ever seen anything like that before? Mike!  The party starting! (jokingly) That's for you to find out. Mike! Mike, you sure about Moe selling. He never mentioned it to me and he loves the business. (his face turns red) Ah Mike, that was nothing.  Moe didn't mean anything.  He flies off the handle sometimes; but me and him are good friends.  Right, Moe? (frightened) Tom, you're the Consigliere; you can talk to the Don and advise him.", "EXT DUSK:": " The light outside is very cold, and beginning to fail.  When  ", "EXT NIGHT:": "", "DOWN.\"": "", "EXT NITE:": "    The windows of the main house are dark except for the DON's study.  It stands out against the cold, dark night.  A taxi pulls up in front of a hospital, marked clearly with a neon sign Outside the hospital is empty save for a nervous The enormous Inside the car,  The car speeds along the George Washington Bridge on its way to New Jersey.  Then suddenly it hits the divider, temporarily lifts into the air, and bounces over into the lanes going back to New York.  It then hits it very fast, on the way back to the city.  The car pulls up in front of a little family restaurant in the  The tires of a car roll very quietly along the small alley; we notice a dark car approach the rear of BONASERA's funeral parlor.  The DON's black limousine.  He sits quietly in the padded rear seat;  MICHAEL's car pulls up in a quiet neighborhood, near an Italian Pizzeria. ", "INT NITE:": "The main floor of the Nightclub is very large, with endless glistening wooden floors.  Now, at this late time, the chairs have been stacked on the tables and a The telephone in SONNY's house is ringing.  He approaches it, obviously fresh from a nap.  He switches the lights on in the DON's office.  The massive desk dominates the room.  The Hallway of the main house is filled with   The living room is empty, save for    Now he turns onto a staircase; ever quickening; up several flights. He steps out onto the fourth floor.  He looks.  There are merely empty corridors.  He takes out his scrap of paper; checks it.  \"Room Slowly he pushes the door open, almost afraid at what he will find.  He looks.  Lit by the moonlight through the window, he can see a They roll the bed, the stand, and all the tubes silently down the corridor.  We hear They part.  A very small family restaurant with a mosaic tile floor.  He hesitates by the bathroom door; and looks at his table. McCLUSKEY is eating a plate of spaghetti and veal.   The serious-faced  They carry the View on HAGEN's ashen face in the living room.  He is silent a moment, and  The    A magnificent, circular table has been set up in his suite; a lavish table setting for eight.  Standing by the table are They are seated around the lavish table in Michael's suite.  He walks alone into the restaurant.  A", "MAN:": "Luca...I'm Bruno Tattaglia. Who're you? Nice Augie...nice. In the back.  Hey Frank, someone wants you. A What is it? He stops, frozen in fear.  It is", "VOICE (O.S.)": "Do you recognize my voice? Right.  Don't say my name, just listen.  Somebody shot your father outside his place fifteen minutes ago. I think so, but I can't get close enough.  There's a lot of blood. I'll try to find out more. What are you doing here? This startles", "SANDRA (O.S.)": "Sonny?  Sonny, who is it? (she enters the room) What is it?", "SONNY?": "", "SOLLOZZO (O.S.)": "Santino Corleone? We have Tom Hagen.  In about three hours he'll be released with our proposition.  Don't do anything until you've heard what he has to say.  You can only cause a lot of trouble.  What's done is done.", "MAMA:": "(quietly) Santino?  Have they killed him? I'll get dressed.  In case we can see him... She moves out of the kitchen, and continues upstairs.  You're Mikey's little girl. You eat anything? (to You tell me what to do?  Even he don't tell me what to do. She takes the letter from You listen to me, you go home to your family, and you find a good young man and get married.  Forget about Mikey; he's no good for you, anymore. She looks directly into KAY's eyes; and He's not the same since they shot him.  He lets Michael do all the work.  He just plays the fool with his garden, his peppers, his tomatoes, as if he was some peasant still.  But men are like that... You come in, too. The Priest ain't gonna bite you cause you're not Catholic. (whispered) He's in the back drinkin' his wine. Page 140/157 You can. Tentatively,", "TESSIO (O.S.)": "I heard, Sonny...but what about Clemenza's regime? Barzini's people chisel my territory and we do nothing about it.  Pretty soon there won't be one place in Brooklyn I can hang my hat. Mike, you're wrong.", "INT. NITE:": "", "BRUNO:": "(making an ugly face) Oh Christ...all over the floor.", "LAMPONE:": "Nice. Sure. As he scrubs around the glove compartment, he opens it, unwraps a gun and gives it to", "LAMPONE (O.S.)": "Ah, I left my car at your place.", "---------------------------------------FADE OUT---------": "      ", "CLEMENZA (O.S.)": "Mike.  Hey Mikey; telephone. It's as cold as they come, impossible to trace. (he turns it upside down) Don't worry about prints Mike, I put a special tape on the trigger and butt.  Here. We gotta fight sometime.  Let us at least recruit our regimes to full strength. Don Corleone...Don Corleone. The", "KAY (O.S.)": "How is your father? (pause) I love you. He glances at the I Can you say it? Please say it. ", "OK.": "(click)", "NURSE:": "You're not supposed to be here now. Oh your father just had too many visitors.  It interfered with the hospital service.  The police came and made them all leave just ten minutes ago. (comfortingly) Absolutely not!  We have to get permission from the Doctor. (frightened) We don't have to disconnect them, we can wheel the stand with the bed. She does so...and they perform the very difficult task of moving the bed and the apparatus, out of the room. (frightened) He's awake.", "ENZO:": "Michael...do you remember me, Enzo, the baker's helper to Nazorine, now his son-in-law. If there...will be trouble...I stay with you, to help.  I owe it to the Godfather.", "MCCLUSKEY:": "I thought I got all you guinea hoods locked up.  Who the hell are you and what are you doing here? (furious) You punk-hood.  Who the hell are you to tell me my business.  I pulled them off.  I don't care how many Dago gangsters kill each other. I wouldn't lift a finger to keep Phil, lock this punk up. A (furious) Goddam it, I said lock him up.  Put the cuffs on him. He's a good kid.  He's all right. Turn around, up on your knees, facing me. He gives I'm sorry about the other night Mike.  I'm getting too old for my job, too grouchy.  Can't stand the aggravation.  You know how it is. He's clean. Is the Italian food good here? Sure, you two go right ahead; I'll concentrate on my veal and my spaghetti. I frisked him; I've frisked thousands of young punks; he's clean. He looks at a", "COP:": "He's clean, Captain.", "A DETECTIVE:": "The Kid's clean, Captain...He's a war hero, and he's never been mixed up in the rackets...", "TESSIO:": "We'll need them now.  After the hospital incident, Sonny got mad. We hit Bruno Tattaglia four o'clock this morning. Sure, I do.  It's perfect for us. A small family place with big booths where people can talk in private.  Good food.  Everybody minds their business.  Perfect. (he moves to the desk I'm not asking you for help, Mike. Just take off the handcuffs. Let us fill up our Regimes. No... Mike, could I have a minute? Barzini wants to arrange a meeting. Says we can straighten any of our problems out. (nods) I can arrange security. We're on our way to Brooklyn. He hangs up and smiles. I hope Mike can get us a good deal tonight. (frowning) Hell, he can't do that.  It screws up all my arrangements. (after the pause) Tell Mike it was business...I always liked him. (softly) Tom, can you get me off the hook? For old times' sake?", "(it fires:": "I left it noisy, so it'll scare any pain-in-the-neck innocent bystander away.", "DRIVER:": "Get in, Mike. He does, the car drives off. (obviously a hood) You better check with your precinct.", "the Bronx:": "", "hand:": "He moves, not letting the gun go. MICHAEL's face; frozen in its expression. His", "His hand:": "His", "His face:": "His hand relaxes, the gun falls to the floor with a dull thud. He walks quickly out of the restaurant, looks back. He sees a frozen tableau of the murder; as though it had been recreated in wax. Then he leaves.", "brass mailboxes:": "Up one flight of stairs, a single man sits on the step, smoking a cigarette. One of the men by the mailboxes checks his pocketwatch, which is attached to a key chain.  We", "CONNIE'S VOICE": "Who is it?", "CONNIE:": "(desperately) It was my fault!  I started a fight with him and I tried to hit him so he hit me.  He didn't even try to hit me hard Sonny, I walked into it. Sonny listens, and calms himself.  He touches her shoulder, Oh Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't. Page 86/157 What's the matter, Carlo? Who is this? You lousy tramp bitch. (click) She slams the phone down; just as Your girl friend.  She says she can't make it tonight.  You lousy bastard you have the nerve to give your whores my telephone number. I'll kill you, you bastard! She hauls off and punches him knowingly; he laughs, so then You're staying home.  You're not going out. The food is on the table. Eat it, it's on the table.  Like hell I will. She stands there, solid, ready to punch him again.  Slowly, he slides his belt out of his trousers, and doubles it in his hand. The baby!  The baby! Mama...mama, it's Connie.  Mama, I can't talk any louder.  No, I don't want to talk to Sonny. We can tell that the phone has been passed to Kiss your Godfather. The infant turns its head, and Oh Mike, it's our first vacation together. Michael! She hurries into the living room, where she comes upon You lousy bastard; you killed my husband... You waited until our father died and nobody could stop you and you killed him, you killed him!  You blamed him about Sonny, you always did, everybody did.  But you never thought about me, never gave a damn Why do you think he kept Carlo on the Mall?  All the time he knew he was going to kill my husband.  But he didn't dare while my father was alive.  And then he stood Godfather to our child.  That coldhearted", "DETECTIVES.": "It all seems to be under the supervision of", "INT. DAY:": "", "-----------------------------------------FADE OUT-------": "", "GIRL (O.S.)": "(giggle) I'm a friend of Carlo's.  I just wanted to tell him I can't see him tonight; I have to go out of town. CONNIE's face turns red.", "CONNIE (O.S.)": "Sonny, just send a car to bring me home.  I'll tell you then, it's nothing Sonny, don't you come. Send", "BUTTON MEN.": "", "COLLECTOR.": "", "MRS. BONASERA": "(frightened) Amerigo!", "BONASERA (O.S.)": "Yes, I understand I'm listening.", "BARZINI:": "Don Corleone is too modest.  He had the judges and politicians in his pocket and he refused to share them. His refusal is not the act of a friend.  He takes the bread out of the mouths of our families.  Times Then, are we agreed; the traffic in drugs will be permitted, but controlled; and Don Corleone agrees to give it protection in the East. That's the whole matter then, we have the peace, and let me pay my respects to Don Corleone, whom we have all known over the years as a man of his word. (noticing", "DON ZALUCHI:": "I don't believe in drugs.  For years I paid my people extra so they wouldn't do that kind of business...$200 a week.  But it didn't matter.  Somebody comes to Page 105/157", "------------------------------------------FADE OUT------": "", "DON TOMMASSINO:": "Michael, why must you do this.  We have been lucky so far, all these months you've been here we've kept your name a secret.  It is from love for your father that I've asked you never to more than an You must understand that your Father's enemies have friends in Palermo. Where are you going? There is nothing there.  Not anymore. Long ago.  Now there is That is your birthright...but Michael, use this car. Be careful Michael, don't let them know your name. The old car sputters off; The younger men have no respect. Things are changing; I don't know what will happen.  Michael, because of the wedding, people now know your name. Even so, I don't think it is safe here anymore.  I've made plans to move you to a villa near Siracuse. You must go right away.", "FABRIZZIO:": "You tell us about America. We hear.  We were told you were a Pezzonovanta...big shot. Hey America!  Is she as rich as they say? Take me to America!  You need a good lupara in America? (pats his shotgun) You take me, I'll be the best man you got.  \"Oh say, can you seeee...By da star early light...\" America. Hey America! Take me with you! Hey, take me to America (calling out to them) Hey, beautiful girls! (murmuring) Jesus Christ, take my soul.  I'm dying. Quickly, she turns, and runs away. You got hit by the thunderbolt, eh? You can't hide it when you're hit by the thunderbolt. You know all the girls in this town, eh?  We saw some beauties coming down the road.  One in particular got our friend hit with the Thunderbolt... (he indicates This one could seduce the devil.  A body! and eyes as big and black as Page 114/157 This was a beauty.  Right, Calo? And hair.  Black and curly, like a doll.  And such a mouth. God in Heaven, I think I understand... He goes into the back room after the innkeeper.  Then he returns. (whispered) The old bastard mentioned two sons he only has to whistle up. It's the real Thunderbolt, then. Calo is having a cup of coffee in the kitchen.  Is your wife coming with you?", "CALO:": "Corleone. They can see a grim Sicilian village, almost devoid of people. The names of the dead. Easy man. Come quickly. Should I get your bag? (smiling) She is sitting in the driver's seat of the car, dying to step on the gas.  She'll be a real American woman before she gets to America.", "MOVING VIEW:": "", "VITELLI:": "You had better bring a few bottles home with you, my friend; you'll need help sleeping tonight. (he laughs) (laughing with them...pouring more wine) I know about what you mean! (laughing) Beautiful all over, eh? Yes, we have beautiful girls here... but virtuous. No. Then he curtly leaves him, and walks into the back room. (shrugs) Who are you and what do you want from my daughter? Are you a friend of the friends? (formally) Come Sunday Appolonia.", "asks:": "", "-------------------------------------FADE OUT-----------": "", "APPOLONIA:": "Grazia. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday...See, I learned it.  Now teach me to drive! (calling out) I'll drive to you. He smiles affectionately.", "--------------------------------------DISSOLVE----------": "    ", "--------------------------------------FADE OUT----------": "   ", "FREDO (O.S.)": "There's a new one.  Construction going on everywhere. That's one of the family's new ones. Not bad, eh?", "MOE:": "Mike, good to see you.  Got everything you want? The chef cooked for you special; the dancers will kick your tongue out and you credit is good! (to his Buy me out?... (furious) The Corleone family wants to buy me out.  I buy you out.  You don't buy me out. You think I scam? You goddamn dagos.  I do you a favor and take Freddie in when you're having a bad time, and then you try to push me out. The Corleone family don't have that kind of muscle anymore.  The Godfather is sick.  You're getting chased out of New York by Barzini and the other families, and you think you can find easier pickings Yeah sure.  Sometimes I gotta kick asses to make this place run right. Freddie and I had a little argument and I had to straighten him out. Hell, he was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time.  Players couldn't get a drink. You son of a bitch, you think you can brush me off like that?  I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.", "GIRL:": "Do you remember me? We danced together at Connie's wedding. Page 142/157", "PRIEST:": "(to Ephetha...be opened...So you may perceive the fragrance of God's sweetness. Do you renounce Satan. And all his works? Do you wish to be baptized? I christen you Michael Francis Rizzi. Flash bulbs go off.  Everyone is smiles, and crowds around", "NERI:": " Move it! The Let me see you license and registration. You know I would never question anything you say. I'll do this for you; you know I should.", "BUTTON MAN:": "The boss says he'll come in a separate car.  He says for you two to go on ahead."}, "the-graduate.php": {"BEN:": "- and today it is right that we should ask ourselves the one most important (continuing) The purpose, my fellow graduates - the purpose is - Page 2/140 - there is a reason, my friends, and the reason is - - the reason is - the purpose is - Look, Dad - could you explain to them that I have to be alone for a while? I'm just - Well - I don't know.  I want it to be - (quietly) Different. As Ben says this, the door to the bedroom opens and Sir? Yes, ma'am. They reach the hall at the bottom of the stairs. Excuse me - I think I'd just like to check something on the car for a minute - Ben moves to the front door and opens it.  Just fine, Mr. Loomis. Mr. Loomis closes the door and pushes Ben back down the hall. Helpingham. I was going to go upstairs for a minute - Well - that's a little hard to say - Yes, sir. Yes I am. Exactly how do you mean? Yes, I will. Excuse me just a minute - Ben goes into the house through the back door. It's down the hall. They stand for a moment, loocking at each other. Fine, thank you.  The bathroom is down at the end of the hall. Mrs. Robinson moves into the room and sits on the edge of the bed. Look, Mrs. Robinson, I don't mean to be rude but - Mrs. Robinson takes a cigarette from her purse and lights it. No. Is what a girl? Oh - no.  I'm just sort of disturbed about things. That's right. There is a long pause. What? What? Here - you take it. Mrs. Robinson looks at him. Do you know how to work a foreign shift? Mrs. Robinson shakes her head. Let's go. She throws the keys to him.  He catches them. Dad - Mrs. Robinson needs a ride home.  I'll be right back. Mr. Braddock pats Ben on the shoulder.  Mrs. Robinson is walking ahead through the front door. Right. She doesn't move.  Ben gets out and goes around to her side and opens the door. What? What for? But it's light in there now. Look - I drove you home.  I was glad to do it.  But I have some things on my mind.  Can you understand that? She nods. All right then. Why not? When is he coming back? No. She hands him a drink.  There is a pause. Are you always this much afraid of being alone? Well, why can't you just lock the doors and go to bed? What do you mean? Well - I've always thought that you were a very - nice - person. What? Look - I think I should be going - Mrs. Robinson - if you don't mind my saying so - this conversation is getting a little strange.  Now I'm sure that Mr. Robinson will be here any minute and - What? Oh my God. Oh no, Mrs. Robinson, oh no. Mrs. Robinson, you didn't - I mean you didn't expect - I mean - you didn't really think that I would do something like that. What do you think? For God's sake, Mrs. Robinson, here we are, you've got me into your house.  You give me a drink.  You put on music, now you start opening up your personal life to me and tell Mrs. Robinson - you are trying to seduce me. There is a pause.  She looks at him. (weaker) Aren't you? Mrs. Robinson, will you forgive me for what I just said? It's not all right, it's the worst thing I've ever said to anyone. Please forgive me.  Because I like you.  I don't think of you that way.  But I'm mixed up. Mrs. Robinson, it makes me sick that I said that to you. What is wrong with me? Her portrait? No. Very much. We move with Mrs. Robinson and Ben out of the sunroom, into the hall, up the stairs and along the hall to the doorway to Elaine's room. Elaine certainly is an attractive girl, isn't she? In the b.g. Mrs. Robinson watches him. (looking at the portrait) I don't remember her as having brown eyes. Yes? Oh.  Well, goodnight. I'd rather not, Mrs. Robinson. No, I don't.  But I just feel a little funny. I know that.  But I'm - Right. Ben walks toward the door. I'm not scared, Mrs. Robinson. Because you're going to bed.  I don't think I should be up here. Mrs. Robinson lets her dress fall to the floor. Yes, I have - He looks up at the portrait of Elaine. But I just - Look - what if Mr. Robinson walked in right now? Well, it would look pretty funny, wouldn't it? Of course he does.  But he might get the wrong idea. Anyone might. But they would!  Don't you see? I know that.  But please, Mrs. Robinson.  This is difficult for me. Because I am confused about things.  I can't tell what I'm imagining.  I can't tell what's real.  I can't - What? Yes. I have to go now.  I'm sorry. Mrs. Robinson walks into the hall.  Her back is to us. She is holding her dress in front of her. Where is it? Mrs. Robinson? Well here's the purse. Come to the railing and I'll hand it up. I'm putting it on the top step. I'm putting it here by the door. I'd rather not. Right. Let me out. She turns the lock on the door. Get away from that door. Jesus Christ! Oh my God. Let me out! Yes.  Yes.  Let me out! (jumping up) Yes, sir! I drove - I drove Mrs. Robinson home.  She wanted me to drive her home so I - I drove her home. She's upstairs.  She wanted me to wait down here till you got home. Yes, sir. Mr. Robinson reaches for Ben's glass. Oh no. I've got to go. No.  No - I'm just - I'm just a little worried about my future.  I'm a little upset about my future. Mr. Robinson takes the glass from him. Thank you very much, sir. Twenty.  I'll be twenty-one next week. Thank you. Sir? I know. What? Quite a while. Yes, sir. Thank you. I'd like to hear it. I've got to go. He stands.  Mr. Robinson stands up with him. Oh no. Oh yes. I will. Yes. Mrs. Robinson - I don't quite know how to put this - Look - I was thinking about that time after the party - - and I was wondering if I could buy you a drink or something - Uh - The Taft Hotel. No.  Now I know it's pretty late and if you'd rather - What? What?  Oh - no - I'm just - He points vaguely in the direction of the other young people. What? Oh - yes.  The Singleman party. Ahh - thank you. Ben backs off and turns and starts across the lobby. He puts on his jacket as he goes.  He gets to the entrance to the main ballroom.  He pauses at the door, looks in. What he Hello. It is the older lady who has said hello. No - actually I'm not - How do you do, Miss DeWitte? (apologetically) Oh - sorry - Of course. Benjamin Braddock, sir. Mrs. Singleman looks at the seating list she has been holding. Yes, but I'm afraid - No - actually I'm just looking for a friend. (backing off) I'm not with your party - I'm sorry. Oh.  Hello.  Hello. He rises quickly. Of course. He pulls out a chair, for her. Very well.  Thank you. Ben tries to smile then looks out the window, then down at the center of the table. A drink?  Of course. Ben looks toward a passing He didn't see me. Nervous.  Well, I am a bit nervous.  I mean it's - it's pretty hard to be suave when you're - He shakes his head. What? I haven't.  No. Well - I don't.  I mean I could. Or we could just talk. You?  Oh no.  No.  I'll get it. Now? Well - I don't know. Why don't I get it?  Well - I will then. (he stands up) If you'll excuse me. Ben walks out of the Veranda Room and into the lobby. A room.  I'd like a room, please. Page 39/140 A single.  Just for myself, please. What?  No.  Nothing. Luggage?  Yes.  Yes.  I do. What? Well it's in the car.  It's out in the car. Page 40/140 Oh no. I mean I'd - I'd rather not go to the trouble of bringing it all in.  I just have a toothbrush.  I can get it my- self.  If that's all right. Oh.  Well actually, I'd just as soon find it myself.  I just have the toothbrush to carry up and I think I can manage it myself. Thank you. I got a single room. But there's one thing.  The desk clerk seemed to be a little bit suspicious. I mean - I don't know what their policy is - but - Yes - I think that would be good. Well - goodbye then - Yes? To tell you? Well - I want you to know how much I appreciate this - really - What? You're welcome.  Well - I'll see you later, Mrs. Robinson. He hangs up. I've got it. The desk clerk looks up. I say I've got it. The toothbrush.  I got it all right. Yes.  Well - goodnight. Well. Yes? Sure.  Shall I - I mean shall I just stand here?  I mean - I don't know what you want me to do. Oh - sure.  Thank you. She takes off her jacket. What? Oh - yes.  Wood? Wood or wire?  They have both. Okay. He brings her a hanger.  She puts her jacket on it. Certainly. He undoes the zipper at her neck. You're welcome. She turns and looks at him.  He backs away. Mrs. Robinson - I can't do this. This is all terribly wrong. Oh no, Mrs. Robinson.  I think - I think you're the most attractive of all my parents' friends. I just don't think we could possibly -- No - but look - maybe we could do something else together, Mrs. Robinson - would you like to go to a movie. Is this - what? That's a laugh, Mrs. Robinson. That's really a laugh.  Ha ha. Are you kidding? Wait a minute! Who said it was my first time. Wait a minute.  Don't move. He slams the bathroom door shut.  The light in the room disappears. - here - in the pool. Well - it's very comfortable - just to drift here. No. You got me. Oh - not too much.  Taking it easy. I will. Hello, Mrs. Robinson. Sure. What? When I go off? No, I do.  I want to tell you. There is a pause. I drive around. Nothing else. Oh, no. Why did you say that? No wait.  Wait. She stops. I don't meet anyone, mother, but why did you say that? Well, wait. She looks at him. You think I'm being dishonest? She nods. Well why do you - why do you think that? Oh.  Well, I don't.  Shall I tell you what I do? I do. I'm not.  But I'm - I'm not very proud of what I do.  I usually get kind of drunk.  I usually drive over to Los Angeles and go to some bars and get kind of drunk.  Then I take a hotel You believe me, don't you? You don't? She shakes her head. But I want you to.  Please. Please will you believe me. Wait a minute. (he pushes her hand away) Sit down a minute. Mrs. Robinson looks at him and raises her eyebrows. Will you please sit down a minute. Mrs. Robinson walks to the bed and sits.  She reaches down to take off a shoe. Will you leave that shoe on for a minute.  Please. She straightens up. Now - do you think we could say a few words to each other first this time? Good.  I mean are we dead or something? All we ever do is come up here and throw off the clothes and leap into bed together. Anything.  Anything at all. Oh my God. Mrs. Robinson.  If that's the best we can do let's just get the god- damn clothes off and -- She reaches for her shoe. Leave it on!  Now we are going to do this thing.  We are going to have a conversation.  Think of another topic. Art.  That's a good subject. You start it off. Oh. Yes I do.  I know quite a bit about it. Art.  Well what do you want to know about it. She shrugs. Are you interested more in modern art or more in classical art. You're not interested in art? Then why do you want to talk about it? No.  Think of another topic. Tell me what you did today. Yes I do. Yes.  But you might try and spice it up with a little originality. What one. What novel did you read. There! Your husband!  Mrs. Robinson! There's something we could have a conversation about. I mean everything.  I don't know anything about how you - how you work this.  I don't know how you get out of the house at night.  I don't know the risk involved. There's no risk? She shakes her head. How do you get out of the house? You walk right out the door. She nods. What do you say to him? Always? Please.  Now tell me.  How do you know he won't wake up sometime and follow you. But what about the noise from the car.  What if - (smiling) We're talking. We're talking, Mrs. Robinson. We're talking. Now let's keep going here. Right. Now.  You say the driveway's on your side of the house.  So I guess you don't sleep in the same room. So you don't - I mean I don't like to seem like I'm prying but I guess you don't sleep together or anything. Well how long has this been going on. You have not slept with your husband for five years? How many times a year. Man, is this interesting. So you don't love him.  You wouldn't say you - Wait a minute.  So you wouldn't say you loved him. But you don't hate him. (unhooking her blouse) Well how do you feel about him, then? Page 62/140 Well that's kind of a bad situation then, isn't it? I mean it doesn't sound like it could be much worse.  If you hated him at least you'd hate him. She nods and takes off her blouse. Well you loved him once, I assume.  When you first knew him. What? Well, wait a minute.  You married him. She nods. Why did you do that? Well I can't. I can't see why you did, unless ...you didn't have to marry him or anything, did you? Oh no.  You had to marry him because you got pregnant? Well I never thought of you and Mr. Robinson as the kind of people who... Wait a minute.  Wait a minute. So how did it happen? I mean do you feel like telling me what were the circumstances? Was he a law student at the time? She nods. And you were a student also. What was your major? Because I'm interested, Mrs. Robinson. Now what was your major subject at college? Art? She nods. But I thought you - I guess you kind of lost interest in it over the years then. Well how did it happen? I mean did he take you up to his room with him?  Did you go to a hotel? I'm curious. Oh no.  In the car you did it? What kind of car was it? Do you remember the make of the car? Really.  I want to know. (jumping up) A Ford!  A Ford!  Goddamnit, a Ford!  That's great! So old Elaine Robinson got started in a Ford. There is a pause. Don't talk about Elaine? Well why don't you? She pulls the bedspread down.  Ben begins to remove his jacket. I wish you'd tell me. Well why is she a big taboo subject all of a sudden? Mrs. Robinson uncovers one of the pillows. Well - I guess I'll have to ask her out on a date and find out what's -- Well look.  I have no intention of taking her out. I was just kidding around. But why shouldn't Then let's hear them. Let's hear your reasons, Mrs. Robinson.  Because I think I know what they are. She pulls the covers down. I'm not good enough for her to associate with, am We're not dropping it.  Now that's the reason, isn't it? I'm a dirty degenerate, aren't I'm good enough for you but I'm too slimy to associate with your daughter.  That's it, isn't it?  You go to hell.  You go straight to hell, Mrs. Robinson.  Do you think I'm proud of myself?  Do you think I'm proud of this? Well, I'm not. No sir.  I am not proud that I spend my time with a broken- down alcoholic! And if you think I come here for any reason besides pure boredom, then you're all wrong. She nods. Because - Mrs. Robinson this is the sickest, most perverted thing that ever happened to me.  And you do what you want but I'm getting the hell out. You're goddamn right I am. He starts putting on his shirt.  She sits on the edge of the bed and watches him. Now don't start this. Don't start acting hurt. Mrs. Robinson, you stand there and tell me I'm not good enough for your daughter. Of course you did. She shakes her head. Well two minutes ago you told me I wasn't good enough for your daughter.  Now you say you're sorry I got that impression. You wouldn't. What are you doing? Well look - I was kind of upset there.  I'm sorry I said those things. But it's not. Oh no.  Look - I like you.  I wouldn't keep coming here if I didn't like you. It's not!  I enjoy it!  I look forward to it.  It's the one thing I have to look forward to. Well I wouldn't.  I would never say it if it wasn't true. Yes. Please.  I want you to. Look.  Why the hell did you bring this up.  It never occured to me to take her out. This is absurd. All right, for christ's sake. I promise I will never take out Elaine Robinson. Let's not talk about it.  Let's not talk at all. At opposite sides of the room, without looking at each other, they begin to take off their clothes. Next time he suggests it, I'll tell him I have no intention of ever calling her up in my life. Look - Elaine Robinson and I do not get along. That has nothing to do with it - I do. I'll go call Elaine now. Mr. and Mrs. Braddock cling exhausted to the raft and try to smile at each other. Hello. Yes. Mr. Robinson hands him drink. Hello. Yes. No. No. He leans on the Yes. Do you want some dinner? No.  Just for her. The waiter moves away. No. If it's all right with you, I'm not hungry. The waiter returns with a menu. Sit down. Elaine sits in the chair with her back to the stage. She folds her hands on the table and looks down at them. Ben takes a pair of dark glasses out of his pocket and puts them on.  The two chairs are slightly angled toward each other so that Ben can look up at the stage without Why don't you watch the show? The stripper is reflected in Ben's glasses. No - why should You're missing a great effect here. Elaine turns around, looks at the stripper and turns back. How do you like that? Elaine doesn't answer. Could you do it? Elaine - I'm sorry. Elaine leans against the side of the building and pulls her arm away. I'm sorry I took you in there. But, Elaine - I just want to tell you something. Ben, facing her, keeps moving from side to side, trying to get her to look at him.  She keeps looking away. But could I just tell you this one thing? This whole idea - this date and everything.  It was my parents' idea.  They forced me Page 81/140 No.  What I mean is - that's why I've been acting this way. I'm not like this.  I hate myself like this. She starts to cry.  People on the sidewalk are looking at them.  She turns away from them.  Ben moves away from Listen - could you stop crying, please? But could you try? Elaine - He starts to pull her head back. I've had this feeling - ever since I've graduated - this - kind of compulsion that I have to be rude all the time.  Do you know what I mean? It's like I've been playing some kind of - game - but the rules don't make any sense to me - She is watching him carefully. - they're being made up by all the wrong people - no - I mean no one makes them up, they seem to have made themselves up. A car with a Say - I wonder if I could request you to turn that down a little? The kid turns the radio up.  Ben and Elaine roll their windows up. No, I mean - I wouldn't want to wake anyone up. Wait a minute. No - I was just thinking - look - it's still early - we could do something - go somewhere else. Page 84/140 I'm trying to think of where there's a place to have a drink around here. Nothing.  I'm just wondering if they have a bar or not.  I mean let's go see.  Let's go see if they do or not. Listen, Elaine - it seems to me that there isn't a bar in here. I mean - as far as I know. Let's get out of here, Elaine. Let's go somewhere else. Of course not. Come on, Elaine.  We're leaving. I don't know.  They must think I look like this guy Gladstone. Elaine - I like you.  I like you so much.  Do you believe that? She nods. Do you? You're the first - you're the first thing for so long that I've liked.  The first person I could stand to be with. She takes his hand. I mean my whole life is such a waste.  It's just nothing.  I'm Page 87/140 It just happened.  It was just this thing that happened along with everything else.  Can you understand that? She nods. Yes. Yes.  She had a husband and a son. No. Yes. Can we do something tomorrow? During the day?  We'll go for a drive or something. You sure you really want to? Because I wouldn't want you to do it unless you really wanted to! You do? Mrs. Robinson - I have a date with Elaine.  We're going for a drive. Now it seems to me - Mrs. Robinson - How? I don't believe you. Mrs. Robinson, don't wreck it.  I'm asking you please not to wreck it. I just don't believe you would do that. Mrs. Robinson looks at him for a moment. (as he goes through the door) Elaine! Elaine? I'm coming up. You've got to go over the back fence and I'll meet you on the corner. Hurry up.  Put your shoes on. Ben turns and looks.  Why aren't you ready? There isn't time! Elaine - I have to tell you something. He holds her against the wall in the corner. That woman - That woman.  The older woman. Yes.  The married woman - it wasn't just some woman - Mrs. Robinson's Elaine - Please. Elaine walks a few steps toward the other side of the room then turns back toward Ben.  The tears are starting out of her eyes. No - don't cry - Don't cry. (holds the package out to her) I'm going to marry Elaine Robinson. I'm going up to Berkeley today. No.  I think you'll want to wait on that. No - they don't. About an hour ago. No.  She doesn't know about it. No.  Actually - she doesn't know about us getting married yet. We haven't. No - it's not.  It's completely baked.  It's a decision I've made. She doesn't.  To be perfectly honest, she doesn't like me. (too loudly) Elaine Robinson. (clearing his throat) Elaine Robinson.  Does she live here? The Receptionist runs her pencil along a list of names under the glass top of her desk.  She finds it. Not exactly. Mr. McCleery stops and turns.  Ben almost runs into him. I said - not exactly - no. Well - I'm just sort of traveling through. Mr. McCleery takes a couple of steps up, Ben following and stops again. I'm not up too much, actually, I'm just visiting.  I mean - I've always wanted to see Berkeley. Mr. McCleery takes a couple more steps and stops again. What? Oh - no sir. Elaine.  Hey - what a surprise. (not quite looking at her) Say - I thought I remembered that you were going to school up here - well - we'll have to get together - it certainly has been nice - I think I'm late - yes, I am - He turns and walks away from them.  They stand still watching them go.  He starts to walk faster and faster. They watch him as he gets further and further away and then breaks into a run.  He disappears in the distance. (leaning in a little) I was wondering where you were headed. Elaine doesn't answer.  The lady sitting next to Elaine takes a look at her, turns around and looks at Ben, then looks at Elaine again. Ah.  Where? She doesn't answer. Where are you meeting this person? Oh.  Well, I haven't either.  I might just ride out there with you. Hold on them riding. Is that him over there? Where did he say he was going to meet you? Oh. She stops.  Ben stops. Here?  In Berkelely? Well, I have this very pleasant room on Carter Street - and I've been getting to some classes - No.  I just sit in.  They don't seem to mind.  They've been very congenial about it. She looks at him and starts to shake her head. Maybe we could get together some time and talk about it. Here he comes. I've got a real feeling that this is the fellow. Elaine looks.  A good-looking young man is striding briskly toward them.  It is He certainly is a good walker. Carl strides up to them.  He takes the pipe out of his Page 107/140 We thought you said by the monkey house. Carl frowns and looks up over Elaine's shoulder at Ben. Ben smiles. Great meeting you, Carl. Carl steps back and puts an arm around Elaine's shoulder. The three of them look at each other for a moment. Swell seeing you.  Have a good time. Ben turns and starts walking back the way he came.  Carl and Elaine turn and go in the opposite direction.  Ben stops after a few steps and walks over to one of the cages.  He grips the rail with his hand and looks back He runs to the bed and puts the covers back into place. He goes to the window sill, picks up an empty beer can, crosses to the bureau, opens a bureau drawer.  He crosses to the wastepaper basket under the sink, bends down and takes a newspaper out of it.  He crosses to the chair and sits down.  He holds the newspaper in front of him.  It Come in. There is another Because - I am. What do you think? All right then!  Yes! Elaine - I love you. Did you say rape her? What did she say? You've got to tell me what she said. He touches her hair. Because it isn't true. Tell me. Ben sits next to her and puts his hand on her shoulder. Then what? Elaine - that is not what happened. She puts her hands on his shoulder. All right - but listen to me. What happened was there was this party at my parents.  I drove your mother home - then we went upstairs to see your portrait - - and when we got up in the room she starts taking her her clothes off - and - - suddenly there she was without any clothes on - I mean really naked - Ben is almost lying on top of her.  Elaine screams - a long, loud scream.  Ben looks at her.  He leaps off the bed and runs to the sink.  He fills a glass with Oh - hello, Mr. McCleery. It's all right, Mr. McCleery. It was just a visitor.  But it's all right now. Several Look - she's all right.  She's upset and she screamed.  But she's okay now. A What? A Hey - wait a minute.  Now damn it - look. He opens the door a little way.  They all try to see in. See - she's just having some water.  Now there's no need for the cops or anything. No, sir. The boys start back to their rooms.  Mr. McCleery and Ben stand and look at each other for a few seconds. Mr. McCleery? What for? Elaine - right now I don't feel like talking much.  I'm sorry about everything but I think I'll just do this now. He stands, looking into the empty suitcase. If you want. Elaine sits in the chair.  She watches him as he goes to the bureau, takes some shirts from a drawer and puts them in the suitcase, then goes back to the bureau.  He gets down on his knees and looks under the bureau. My belt. No.  I have two.  The other one is the one I'm looking for. (he reaches under the bureau) What's this? Page 115/140 The belt I'm looking for was from my grandmother. I don't know. He goes back to the bureau, gets some socks and underwear and carries them to the suitcase. No. Elaine - you're going to have to stop asking me that. He packs the T-shirts, then carries the beer can back to the bureau and puts it back in the drawer, takes some ties from the drawer and crosses to the suitcase.  Elaine gets up, goes to the door and opens it. I don't understand. But Elaine - What's happening? He gets out of the bed. What? You won't? But you might. Is that so?  You might marry me? When? How about tomorrow?  I don't mean to be pushy but - You mean you're confused? She nods. Well - look - don't be confused. We're getting married. We just can. Elaine - are you serious about this? You really will? Well - let's get together sometime. He closes the door. Good God! We could go down and get our blood tests tomorrow. Or this afternoon.  It's a good day for it. We'll need our Birth Certificates. I happen to have mine with me. Where's yours? They move up the steps of a classroom building.  Ben pushes through a lot of students to keep up with Elaine. Why wouldn't it? A bell rings.  Elaine turns into one of the doors.  Ben is left in the hall.  He looks around.  All the doors in the classrooms close.  He leans against the wall. Why wouldn't it? Tomorrow then - can we get our blood tests tomorrow morning? She turns and looks at him. Why don't I just drag you off?  All right - I will. Right after we get the blood tests. Carl who? Elaine jumps up, applauding a shot. Who - that guy at the Zoo? Why do you have to see him? (yelling after her) You How did he do it?  Did he get down on his knees?  He didn't get down on his knees, I hope. Well, what did he say?  I'm curious. Where did he do it? She starts to get up. I'd like to know where it happened? She starts to move away. It wasn't in his car, was it? Are we getting married tomorrow? The day after tomorrow? Mr. Robinson? No, it's not -- It was nothing to do with you, sir. Now look - please - I am trying to tell you I have no personal feelings about you, Mr. Robinson.  I am trying to tell you I do not resent you. No, I don't. But why? It shouldn't make any difference what happened. Listen to me.  We got - we got into bed with each other.  But it was nothing.  It was nothing at all.  We might - we might just as well have been shaking hands. Page 125/140 You miss the point. The point is - I don't love your wife.  I love your daughter, sir.  Mr. McCleery - do you have some change?  I need to use the phone? (takes out some money) Look - I'll give you ten dollars for a dime - I'll give you twenty - for God's sake, will you let me use that phone? (a whispered shout) Elaine - Elaine - He picks up a pebble and throws it at the window. Elaine? Where is she? Where is Elaine? What have you done to her? You can't stop me from seeing her, Mrs. Robinson.  I'll find her. What the hell have you done? Wedding!  God Damn it - wedding! People are Say - fellows - They stop eating and turn toward him. Do any of you fellows know where Carl Smith is? Do you happen to know where he's getting married?  I'm supposed to be there. Would you happen to know where I might find him? (calling in the direc- tion of Carter's voice) You don't happen to know exactly where the Make Out King is getting married, do you?  I'm supposed to be there. Yes. Do you have a phone? The attendant points.  Ben reaches for the phone book hanging under the pay phone. Hello - who is this? Is the doctor anywhere? Thank you. Allan Street.  Where is it? I'm not a priest - I'm a minister. The car drives out of the station. Running across the street.  He stops for a moment and looks around.  There are a number of cars parked in front of the church.  Among them is Mrs. Robinson's car.  Ben runs by it and up the steps to the front doors of the church. Oh, Jesus - God - no - He puts his hands up against the glass and slumps.  The minister shakes hands with Carl, then takes Elaine's hand. Page 136/140 (straightening) No! He moves to the center of the window and begins to Elaine - Elaine! Ben's shadow is thrown across the celebrants.  They all turn around and look up at him. Come on - don't faint. Out of my way! Carl steps in and grabs Ben from behind.  Ben breaks Carl's hold and picks up a gold cross off a nearby stand. He begins to swing it, advancing toward Carl.  Carl Page 138/140  Run, Elaine, run! They start to run.  Elaine trips and falls.  Ben helps her up and they continue to run. How much? To the end. The driver takes the bill and gives Ben some change. Ben turns and pulls Elaine along to the back of the bus. He pushes her into one of the seats and sits beside her.  Ben looks toward the front of the bus. Let's go.  Let's get this bus moving! What? She takes his hand.", "CAPTAIN'S VOICE": "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our descent into Los Angeles - The sound you have just heard is the landing gear locking into place.  The Los Angeles weather is clear and the temperature is a pleasant 72.  We do not expect any traffic delay and will make our four hour and eighteen minute", "CUT TO:": "            86-                               ", "UNDER titles:": "", "STEWARDESS' VOICE": "Ladies and gentlemen please fasten your seat belts in preparation for the landing and observe the no smoking sign.  After we land, you will notice an increase in the sound level as the thrust of the engines is reversed to help reduce forward speed.", "MAN'S VOICE": "Your attention, please!  American Airlines Flight Number 4, 21 Club service, non-stop to New York is now leaving from Gate Number 40.  All aboard, please. (over) Do you, Benjamin Braddock take this woman, Mrs. Robinson, for your Mother-in-law, to love, cherish and... It runs down.", "SNAPPED OFF.": "", "MR. BRADDOCK": "- worried? About what? Ben I guess - about my future. To be what? No!  No - we're just on our way downstairs! Mr. Braddock gets off the bed and goes to a chair and picks up Ben's jacket which is lying across it. (to Mrs. Braddock) They are? (to Ben) Come on. Mr. Braddock puts the jacket on Ben. It's a wonderful thing to have so many devoted friends. They move out of the door, Mr. Braddock steering Ben. That's Ben's graduation present. Hey, over there -- I mean you! Your attention please! Mr. Braddock has moved over by one of the windows of the house, the window into the kitchen.  He speaks quickly - in a fake sotto voce - towards the window. Are you ready in there, feature attraction? - what was I saying? Right.  Hey - I'm glad to see you're paying attention.  A feature attraction that will be one of the most astounding events ever to take place in this particular backyard. Now I'm going to ask for a big round of applause to bring this boy out here - wait a minute - let me amend that - to bring this young man out here - because today he is twenty-one-years- Just hang on a minute because I have a few words to say - Twenty-one-years-old, ladies and gentlemen; four of those years spent accomplishing some rather extraordinary things at one of our nation's leading seats of learning - (to the window) I can't hold them much longer, Ben.  You better get out here. (to his audience) This boy - I'm sorry - this young man - is soon to continue his education as a Frank Halping- ham Award Scholar - but before he does - - before he does - (to the window) You're disappointing them, Ben. You're disappointing them. (meaning it) I'll give you ten seconds. (back to the people) He is going to give us a Page 30/140 - Benjamin Braddock! Folks - this remarkable young man is going to perform for you some spectacular and amazing feats of daring in water that is over six feet deep - Ben's arms come into view and pull the mask down. Why? Have you thought about graduate school? Would you mind telling me then - what were those four years of college for?  What was the point of all that hard work? (trying unsuccessfully to control himself) Now listen, Ben.  I think it's a very good thing that a young man - after he's done some very good work - should have a chance I guess she's not good enough for you, is that it? Page 73/140 How do you know?  You haven't seen her since high school.  I guess your evenings, whatever you do with them, are just too valuable. I guess I'll just tell Mr. Robinson that you're just too busy every evening - doing God knows what - Say that again. Well - well - well - He almost giggles as he crosses to Ben and takes his hand to shake it.  Mrs. Braddock appears in the doorway.  Ben is shaking his father's hand. Ben says he and Elaine are getting married. That what he says.  Right? Come on, let's call the Robinsons. We've got something to celebrate. Wait a minute.  You talked to Elaine this morning? She doesn't know that you're coming up to Berkeley? Ben - this whole idea sounds pretty half-baked.", "MRS. BRADDOCK": "Is anything wrong? The Carlsons' are here. They came all the way from Tarzana. The Robinson's are here. Mr. Robinson steps in beside the others.  They blot out the sun. Say hello to Mrs. Robinson, Benjamin. Benjamin?  I'm going to ask you something but you don't have to tell me if you don't want. Well I'm going to ask you what you do when you go off at night. You don't have to tell me if you don't want. What else? Well you don't drive around from midnight until noon the next day, Benjamin. Then what do you do?  Do you meet someone? Well this is your business, Benjamin. (she starts toward the door) If you - Benjamin, I'm not going to pry into your affairs, but I'd rather you didn't say anything at all than be dishonest. Goodnight, Benjamin. Because I know you don't drive around for twelve hours. But I don't want you to make up something. Goodnight, Benjamin. No. (she exits) Goodnight. Don't you think that she's a terribly attractive girl? Because I think she's one of the prettiest girls I've ever seen. Ben gives a small whimper. It's pretty embarrassing.  I really don't know what to tell Mr. Robinson.  It's ackward and strained for me every time he suggests that you call up Elaine. Don't go on like this.  Now if Benjamin absolutely refuses to take her out - - then I'll simply invite all the Robinsons' over for dinner on Thursday. What's happening? I don't believe it. Oh, Ben - this is so - exciting - Well - when did you decide all this? When did you two talk this over? But what makes you think she wants to marry you? Ben picks up his suitcase, walks to the door and turns.", "MR. CARLSON": "Hey - there's our award winning scholar. Is that the new car out there? The little red Wop job? (putting his arm across Ben's shoulder) Won't have much trouble picking them up in that, will you? The girls.  The chicks.  The - the teeny boppers.", "MRS. CARLSON": "We're all very proud of you, Ben. I think Ben has gotten beyond the teeny bopper stage - haven't you, Ben? Mrs. Carlson gives Ben a broad wink.  Ben tries to smile and return the wink politely.", "MR. LOOMIS": "Here's the track star himself. How are you, track star? I want to get a drink and then I want to hear all about that Page 7/140 Helpingham!  Right!  Now you wait right here. Mr. Loomis turns and goes into the dining room.  Ben moves back to the stairway as", "MR. MCQUIRE": "Ben! Ben (to the ladies) Excuse me. (he turns around) Mr. McQuire (overwhelmed with pride) Ben. Ben - I just want to say one word to you - just one word - Are you listening? (gravely) Plastics. They look at each other for a moment. There is a great future in plastics. Think about it.  Will you think about it? Okay.  Enough said.  That's a deal. Mr. McQuire turns and walks back into the house.  The people at the other end of the yard look toward Ben.", "MRS. ROBINSON": "Oh.  I guess this isn't the bathroom, is it? How are you, Benjamin? Is there an ashtray in here? Oh - I forgot.  The track star doesn't smoke. She blows out the match and puts it down carefully on the bedspread.  Ben picks up a wastebasket, walks over to the bed, picks up the match and puts it in the wastebasket. Whatever it is you're upset about. In general. Benjamin, I want to ask you something. Will you take me home? My husband took the car.  Will you drive me home? Ben reaches into his pocket and hands Mrs. Robinson a set of car keys. No. (there is a pause) (as she passes the Thank you. Will you come in, please? I want you to come in till I get the lights on. Page 12/140 Because I don't feel safe until I get the lights on. They move to the door.  She takes out her key and opens the door. Would you mind walking ahead of me to the sun porch.  I feel funny about coming into a dark house. Please. Ben turns and walks down the hall.  They enter sunroom. What do you drink?  Bourbon? What do you drink? He looks at her. Benjamin - I'm sorry to be this way, but I don't want to be alone in this house. I don't know. She pours herself a drink. Drink? Yes. I'm very nuerotic. She turns on the phonograph.  May I ask you a question? Ben looks at her. What do you think of me? You've known me nearly all of your life.  You must have formed some opinion. Did you know that? Sit down, Benjamin. No. My husband will be back quite late. They look at each other.  Ben is half standing. He should be gone for several hours. She takes a step toward him.  He puts his hand up and retreats around the other side of the chair. Pardon? What? Like what? Well I don't know. So? Why no.  I hadn't thought of it. I feel rather flattered that you - Page 16/140 It's all right. Sit down. All right.  Now finish your drink. We'll forget it right now. Finish your drink. Have you ever seen Elaine's portrait? Yes. We had it done last Christmas. Would you like to see it? Page 17/140 Benjamin? Will you unzip my dress? He steps back. I think I'll go to bed. Won't you unzip my dress? If you still think I'm trying to seduce you - Come on. She turns her back. It's hard for me to reach. Ben reaches forward and pulls the zipper down. Thank you. What are you so scared of? Then why do you keep running away? Haven't you ever seen anybody in a slip before? Don't you think he trusts us together? I don't see why.  I'm twice as old as you are.  How could anyone think - Benjamin - I'm not trying to seduce you.  I wish you'd - Why is it? Would you like me to seduce you? Is that what you're trying to tell me? I really don't want to put this on again.  Won't you bring it up? On that chair in the hall. She walks out of the shot. Don't be nervous. I want to say something first. Benjamin - I want you to know I'm available to you.  If you won't sleep with me this time - If you won't sleep with me this time, Benjamin, I want you to know you can call me up any time you want and we'll make some kind of arrangement. Do you understand what I said? Because I find you very attractive and any time - There is the Don't get up. Ben sits. Yes, I do. Yes, he does. They start out of the sunroom. Benjamin? Thank you for taking me home. Ben nods. I'll see you soon, I hope. Ben continues to walk toward us. Hello, Benjamin. May I sit down? Thank you. They sit down. May I have a drink? Waiter! For a moment, the noise in the room seems to recede.  The waiter stops in his tracks, turns toward them.  The waiter moves to their table.  The noise in the room comes back. The waiter looks at Mrs. Robinson. I will have a martini. You don't have to be so nervous, you know. Did you get us a room? Do you want to? Do you want me to get it? Do you want to get it now? Yes. Why don't you get it. Yes? The waiter plugs the phone into the wall socket next to the table and hands her the receiver. Thank you. The waiter nods and leaves. (into phone) Hello. Yes? Yes? Benjamin -- where are you? Yes, I can. Well - do you want to go up first? I'll be up in five minutes. Benjamin. Isn't there something you want to tell me? Yes. The number. The room number, Benjamin.  I think you ought to tell me that. Thank you. Well? He clears his throat and then he kisses her. Benjamin. I'll get undressed now.  Is that all right? Why don't you watch? Will you bring me a hanger? What? Either one will be fine. Will you help me with this, please? She turns her back. Thank you. Would this be easier for you in the dark? You what? Are you afraid of me? Benjamin, is this your first time? It is, isn't it?  It is your first time. You can admit that, can't you? It's nothing to be ashamed of - On your first time - - of bring - inadequate -  I mean just because you happen to be inadequate in one way - (starting to dress) Hello, Benjamin. If you want. Well I just don't think we have much to say to each other. Are you tired of it? Well what do you want to talk about? Do you want to tell me about some of your college experiences? Well? How about art. You start it off.  I don't know anything about it. Go ahead then. Neither. No. I don't. Ben nods and looks at the rug. Can I take off my clothes now? Do you really want me to? I got up. Ben starts shaking his head. I got up.  I ate breakfast and went shopping.  During the after- noon I read a novel. What? I don't remember. Ben nods. Then I fixed supper for my husband and waited until - What? Him? I walk out. He's asleep. Benjamin, this isn't a very interesting topic. Because he takes sleeping pills. He takes three sleeping pills every night at ten o'clock. The driveway's on my side of the house. Calm down, Benjamin. Can I undress and talk at the same time? Thank you. We don't. No we don't. (looking at the ceiling for a moment) About five years. No. Now and then.  He geats drunk a few times a year. On New Year's Eve.  Sometimes on his birthday. Is it? We've talked enough, Benjamin. Not exactly. No, Benjamin.  I don't hate him. Unhook my blouse. I don't. Is it? No. I never did, Benjamin.  Now let's - (taking off her stockings) See if you can guess. Don't tell Elaine. Are you shocked? All right.  Now let's get to bed. What? Not particularly. Yes. Yes. Why are you asking me all this? Art. Kind of. How do you think. Benjamin, what does it possibly matter? I don't think we were the first. Ben thinks for a moment. What? Oh my God. It was a Ford, Benjamin. That's enough. Don't talk about Elaine. No. Because I don't want you to. She walks to the bed. There's nothing to tell. Benjamin, don't you ever take that girl out. Ben looks at her. Do you understand that? Good. Good. No. Let's drop it. Benjamin? Yes. You're not. I see. Are you? That's how you feel about me. He nods. That I'm a sick and disgusting person. Don't you expect me to be a little hurt? Did I say that? Benjamin, I want to apologize to you if that's the impression you got. I didn't mean it.  I don't think you'd be right for each other. But I would never say you weren't as good a person as she is. Of course I wouldn't. Mrs. Robinson walks to the closet. If that's how you feel - (smiling at him) That's all right.  I think I can understand why I'm disgusting to you. But if it's sickening for you - You don't have to say that. May I stay then? Thank you. But you won't ever take out Elaine, will you?  I want you to promise me that. There is another long pause. Then give me your word you won't. Promise me, Benjamin. Thank you. (pause) Benjamin - Benjamin -- I thought I madeELAINE'S But I am.  I'm extremely upset about it, Benjamin. Mr. Robinson and Drive down the block. (looking at him for the first time) Do exactly what I say. Ben starts the car forward down the driveway. Listen to me very carefully, Benjamin.  You are not to see Elaine again.  Ever.  Those are my orders.  Is that clear? Ben stops the car in front of a house halfway down the block. I can makes things quite unpleasant. Then you'd better start believing me. Go home now. Try me. There is a pause while Ben looks at her expression.  Then he grabs the keys out of the ignition, opens the door on his side and jumps out of the car, carrying the package. (calmly) Goodbye, Benjamin. Page 94/140 Hello, Benjamin. She does not stop, but walks casually past him into the hall. I'll be with you in a moment, Benjamin. (into phone) Will you send a police car to twelve hundred Glenview Road.  We have a burgler here.  Just a second.  I'll I think we have everything quite under control now, Benjamin.  Would you like a quick drink before you go? She picks up a glass from the night table and takes a drink. I'm sorry we won't be able to invite you to the wedding, Benjamin, but the arrangements have been so rushed - Ahh.  I don't think you'll have time for that drink after all. I don't think so. The cars have reached the top of the driveway.  He's too late. The other guests are adlibbing their confusion. Elaine - it's too late. Elaine pulls her hand away.", "CAMERA)": "Wonderful party.", "BENJAMIN?": "", "MR. ROBINSON": "Swell.  I appreciate it. Standing guard over the old castle, are you? Here.  It looks like you need a refill. What? Is anything wrong?  You look a little shaken up. Page 24/140 Come on.  Let's have a nightcap together. Mr. Robinson turns his back to Ben to mix the drinks. Ben takes several deep breaths, straightens his tie and checks to see if his fly is okay.  Mr. Robinson turns and brings him the drink. Ben - how old are you now? (taking out a cigarette) That's a hell of a good age to be. I wish I was that age again. Because, Ben - You'll never be young again. How long have we known each other now? Ben shakes his head. How long have you and I known each other?  How long have your Dad and I been partners? I've watched you grow up, Ben. In many ways I feel as though you were my own son. So I hope you won't mind my giving you a friendly piece of advice. Ben - I think - I think you ought to be taking it a little easier right now than you seem to. Ben nods. Sow a few wild oats.  Take things as they come.  Have a good time with the girls and so forth. Mrs. Robinson enters the room.  She is now wearing the Page 26/140 I was just telling Ben here he ought to sow a few wild oats. Have a good time while he can. You think that's sound advice? Mrs. Robinson nods. You have yourself a few flings this summer.  I bet you're quite a ladies' man. What?  You look like the kind of guy that has to fight them off. (to Mrs. Robinson) Doesn't he look to you like the kind of guy who has to Oh say - Elaine gets down from Berkeley on Saturday. Ben - I want you to give her a call. Page 27/140 Great. Mr. Robinson opens the front door and Ben goes out. Hi, Ben.  What are you doing with yourself these days? That's what I'd do if I could. Nothing wrong with that.  Hey Ben, Elaine's coming down from Berkeley soon.  I want you to call her up this time. Because I just think you two would hit it off real well together. Mrs. Robinson steps in beside them.  Well, Braddock - it's about time you got around to this. Come on in.  I'm afraid the young lady isn't quite ready yet - Mr. Robinson turns toward the sunroom.  Mrs. Robinson is What would you say to a short one? Bourbon still your drink? I'll see if she's ready. Mr. Robinson exits. (clearing his throat) Do you want - do you want to try and tell me why you did it? Do you have a special grudge against me?  Do you feel a particularly strong resentment for me? Is there something I've said that's caused this contempt?  Or is it just the things I stand for that you despise? Well, Ben, it was quite a bit to do with me. Ben takes a step forward. Ben, I think we're two civilized human beings.  Do you think it's necessary to threaten each other? Do you want to unclench your fists, please?  Thank you.  I can see in the dark, you know.  I've been here quite a while. You don't respect me terribly much either, do you? Well, I don't think we have a whole lot to say to each other, Ben.  I do think you should know the consequences of what you've done.  I do think you should know that my wife and I are Why? That's quite a statement. Shaking hands.  Well, that's not saying much for my wife, is it? Don't shout at me, Ben. Well - I'm sure you think you do, Ben, but after a few times in bed with Elaine I feel quite sure you'd get over that as quickly as you - I think I've talked about this enough.  I don't know how far I can go, Ben.  I don't know if I can prosecute or not, but I think maybe I can.  In the light of what's happened I think maybe Stay away from me, Ben! Mr. Robinson stands at the door. I don't want to mince words with you.  As far as Elaine's concerned you're to get her out of your filthy mind right now.  Is that perfectly clear ro you?  That's Page 126/140 I think you are filth. Mr. Robinson turns back from the hall. I think you are scum. Mr. Robinson starts down the stairs.  Mr. McCleery is standing on the stairway, listening. You are a degenerate! Mr. Robinson turns and goes down the stairs, past Mr. McCleery who looks up at Ben. I'll take care of him.", "BEN'S VOICE": "Could I speak to you for a second, Dad? But Mr. Braddock has already moved away from the window and is readdressing his audience. Dad - could we just talk about this for a second? I'd like to discuss this. Dad - can you listen - Mrs. Robinson? It's Benjamin. Benjamin Braddock. Can you look through the glass. Mrs. Robinson turns in her chair and looks through the glass into the lobby. Can you see me now? Well - I would say that I'm just drifting. Wait a minute. (over) Dear Elaine - I am now visiting Berkeley, after growing somewhat weary of family life.  I have been meaning to stop by and pay my respects but am not entirely certain (over) Mr. and Mrs. (over) Honey - I'm home. (over) Where are the kids? (over) Dear Mom and Dad.  You may have wondered why Elaine and I haven't written in such a long time, but the postal sytem here in Greenland isn't the most efficient.  Life (over) Yes - how long ago that all seems. (getting closer as he moves past people toward her) Excuse me - I'm sorry - I wonder if I could get by - excuse me - (cheerfully) Well - how about this for a coincidence. I'm afraid I don't know. And the other?", "MRS. ARNOLD": "Feature attraction.", "MR. ARNOLD": "(his hands like a megaphone) Let's get on with the show! You always do. They laugh; Mrs. Arnold makes a face at Mr. Arnold as Page 29/140 Bring him out!", "SOUND:": "   footsteps running upstairs, a door opening and slamming.  The", "DISSOLVE TO:": "               ", "ROOM CLERK:": "Can I help you, sir! Are you here for an affair, sir? Terror and disbelief start in Ben's eyes.  He looks helplessly at the clerk. The Singleman party, sir? It's in the main ballroom. Yes sir? A single room or a double room? Will you sign the register, please? He pushes the card and a pen toward Ben.  Ben writes his name on the card and then stares at it for a moment, crumples it up and fills out a second card. Is anything wrong, sir? (taking a key from behind the counter) Do you have any luggage, Mister -- (looks at registration card) Gladstone? Where is it? Where is your luggage? Very good, sir.  I'll have a porter bring it in. Sir? Of course. Ben reaches for the key. I'll have a porter show you the room. Whatever you say, sir. He hands Ben the key. Good evening, Mr. Gladstone. Ben and Elaine stop a few feet into the center of the lobby.  The", "VOICE:": "Hello. Ben turns.  Four people stand in a row.  Official greeters, they", "they are:": "", "MRS. SINGLEMAN": "You must be one of the Porters. She grasps Ben's hand and shakes it. I'd like you to know my sister, Miss DeWitte - - and my husband, Mr. Singleman - Ben finds himself shaking the twelve-year-old boy's hand. Braddock - Braddock? I'll find your table in a moment. Braddock.  Not Braniff?  We have a Braniff. I'm afraid I don't understand. Hey - I don't get it. Ben is backing out. Angela - please! Ben backs out of the ballroom.", "JEFFREY SINGLEMAN": "Fine, thank you.", "MR. SINGLEMAN": "I didn't get your name, sir.", "CLERK:": "Sir? Very good, sir. Goodnight, sir. Ben walks out of shot.", "FADE OUT:": "  ", "FADE IN:": "  ", "SOUNDS:": "a radio radios", "ELAINE:": "Hello. Do you know what you're going to do? Are you going to graduate school? Do you always drive like this? I'd love some. A waiter moves forward toward them. Aren't you eating? Why not? I've changed my mind.  Thank you. Benjamin - do you dislike me for some reason? I don't know. No. The stripper sees Elaine look.  The stripper smiles toward Page 79/140 Will you take me home now? I think I'd better go home now please. Where is the car? I want to go home. What? Oh - that's very nice of you to tell me. No, I couldn't. No. She brings both hands up to her face.  Ben looks at her for a few moments in agony.  Then, very determined, he takes her wrists in his hands and pulls them away from her face.  She looks up startled.  She starts to give a little cry but before she can he is kissing her.  She closes Yes, I do. He looks at her. Well - maybe I'd better go in. He nods.  They continue to sit there for another long moment. Would you like to come in?  I could make some coffee. We won't.  Let's go inside. Is anything wrong? All right. He starts the car immediately and drives away from the house. Where we going? Isn't there one in the Taft Hotel? There is a What is the matter? Of course there is.  Look - The Veranda Room - right there. Benjamin - Benjamin - do they know you? Ben - what's happening?  Who is Mr. Gladstone? Yes. Benjamin - are having an affair with someone? He freezes with his hand still on the key. I'm sorry. He turns off the engine. I'm sorry.  That is not my business. Was she married or something? With a family? Did they ever find out? I'm glad. He starts the car and drives out. All right. Okay. Yes. I do. Benjamin - I really do. Benjamin - I said I wasn't dressed - Ben pushes her back into her room. What's the matter? Benjamin - what's happening? Because I want to know what's happening. What is it? What? You mean the one who - What are you telling me? The Please - will somebody tell me - She looks back at Ben, then back at her mother's face again. Mrs. Robinson's eyes watch her through the crack in the Page 93/140 Oh - no. Ben backs up. Oh my God - Moving along the wall as though to keep as far from Ben as possible, Elaine moves away from the door.  Get out of here. She moves toward him as though to hit him.  He backs into the hall.  Elaine (holding the door) Get out! I'm meeting someone. At the Zoo. I've never been to it. No. I thought he said by the monkey house. Benjamin - I would like to know what you're doing here. But you're not enrolled. Benjamin - you're - I don't know what to say - you're -- - really incredible - What? This is Benjamin Braddock. Carl Smith.  Benjamin rode here with me on the bus. I want to ask you a question. No.  I want to know why you're here in Berkeley? Is it because I'm here? I think it is. Ben nods. I said I think it is. Well, I want you to leave. (looking down) How could you do that, Benjamin? Ben moves in behind her and puts his hand on her arm. Do you just hate everything? How could you possibly rape my... I don't understand - - how you - how anyone - could do a thing like that. (holding his arm) Let me go. Why? I don't feel well. Ben pushes her down softly onto the bed.  He kneels along side her. She said she was having a drink in the hotel with a friend. You waited for her in the parking lot and told her she was too drunk to drive home and that you would get her a room for Then you took her upstairs and you raped her. Please let me go. Don't tell me - Benjamin - this is my mother! I'm sorry I screamed. Ben opens the suitcase. Benjamin, when you came up here, what did you think was going to happen between us? Can I just sit here while you're packing? What are you looking for? Don't you have it on? The marble? Oh. Ben takes the marble to the suitcase and packs it. What are you going to do now? Are you going home? Well - where are you going? He goes back to the bureau, opens a drawer, takes out some T-shirts and the beer can and carries them to the suitcase. I don't want you to go anywhere until you have a definite plan. Goodbye. She walks out, shutting the door behind her.  He crosses to the window. Benjamin? (taking a step forward) Will you kiss me! He goes to her and they kiss. I don't know. I might. Yes. I don't know. I don't know.  I don't know what's happening. I have to go back now. She goes to the door. I'll think about it. Yes. She opens the door and steps into the hall.  He goes to the door. Tomorrow? Benjamin - I haven't even said I'll marry you yet. I just don't think it would work. I just don't think it would... Elaine starts walking down the corridor towards the exit door. Ben follows her, moving out of the way of the other students. Why don't you just drag me off if you want to marry me so much? Well - I have to see Carl first. Carl Smith.  He's a medical student.  We've known him for years. Yes. Well -- I said I might marry him. Elaine and several other girls run onto the court as a number of girls run off the court to the bench. No, Benjamin. He said he thought we'd make a pretty good team. Shhhh. No. Maybe we are and maybe we aren't. She goes through the doorway into Wendell Hall.  Ben remains standing in exactly the same positin.  After a few moments the door opens and Elaine comes out, steps quickly to Ben, kisses him, then runs back inside.  Ben turns and starts away from the door.  The door opens again.  Ben turns back (screaming) Ben! The Not for me. Benjamin?", "STRIPPER:": "Hey! Some of the customers start to boo.  Ben rises, takes Elaine's arm and leads her toward the exit.", "CAR PARKER:": "Good evening.", "BELLBOY:": "Hello, how are you, sir? The room clerk smiles at them.", "BEN'S CAR": "", "ELAINE'S VOICE": "Benjamin? I'm not dressed yet. Ben runs up the stairs.  He still carries the package. Page 91/140 (over) Oh, they're having a wonderful time - spending the day at Mother's - she's teaching them to... It runs down. (over) Dear Benjamin - I promise you some- say I will write a long letter about everything but right now I can't thank and all I can say to you is please forgive me because I know", "NO.": "He turns around.", "to reveal:": "at the kitchen counter by the window through which we can see an orange tree.  Mr. Braddock is pouring orange juice from a", "DAY:": "During which Ben remains static while the quadrangle and thet area around him fill up with students; walking, talking, hurrying to class, strolling, sitting, reading, handing out petitions, etc. Page 102/140", "CARL:": "(waving) Elaine! Am I late?  I'm sorry. Glad to meet you, Ben. Ben steps forward and grasps Carl's hand. Who is that guy?  What's he doing?", "at:": "", "WINDOW:": "Elaine turns in and disappears into the rooming house front door below.", "A BOY:": "Shall I get the cops?", "TELEGRAM:": "addressed to", "WILL RESULT.": "", "HUH?": "", "NIGHT:": "Ben follows her through the hall into Mrs. Robinson's room.", "CARL'S VOICE": "Your father's right, Elaine.  You and I will make a darned good team. Ben swings the car around in a U-turn and speeds off in the other direction.", "WOMAN'S VOICE": "We have two Carl Smiths.  Is it Carl with a The Karl Smith with a 657-2036 This is Dr. Smith's answering service. Well - you see - the doctor is at his son's wedding, but I'm sure it's over by now.  He should be checking in any moment - Oh.  Well - I'm not sure - but you might try the First Presbyterian. That's on Allan Street. I certainly hope you -", "CARTER'S VOICE": "(echo sound) Santa Barbara. I don't know.  Maybe at his old man's home.", "ATTENDANT:": "(suspiciously) Six blocks up - three blocks over. Ben runs out of the office.  The attendant goes to the door. You need any gas, Father?", "DRIVER:": "Where do you want to go?"}, "The_Sound_Of_Music_2.pdf": {"ACT I": "", "SISTER FRANCIS/SISTER": "", "BERTHA/SISTER BERNICE/MARGARITE": "Reverend Mother?", "REVEREND MOTHER": "Sisters! What seems to be the fuss? Now move along now. Go ahead now.  \"The Sound of Musc\" 25. ", "SISTER FRANCIS": "She is missing...again.", "SISTER BERTHE": "That's what I say! For a minute I was thinking this was a cou! \u00aaSONG\u00ba  \"The Sound of Musc\" 3.", "SISTER SOPHIA/SISTER": "", "CATHERINE/AGATHA": "Now, now sister Berthe.", "BERNICE/SISTER MARAGRITE/": "We simply cannot find her.", "SISTER BERNICE": "We've look everywhere. In all the usual places.", "SISTER SOPHIA": "After all, the wool of a black sheep is just as warm.", "SISTER AGATHA": "I", "SISTER CATHERINE": "I for one miss Maria & I\u2019m not ashamed to say it.", "SISTER THERESA": "I agree. Knowing Maria and all that mischief she seems to get into.", "SISTER AUGUSTINE": "And seven children! I don\u2019t even have seven friends!", "ALL SISTERS": "Yes, Reverend Mother All sisters exit.", "THE ABBEY": "", "SONG ENDS": "Captain Von Trapp enters.", "MARIA": "I only hope we aren\u2019t too late. really get going.  We should ", "SEVEN CHILDREN.": "", "CURTAIN CLOSES": "", "TRACK": "", "MARIA:": "", "I'M CONFIDENT.": "", "CURTAIN OPENS": "", "FRAULEIN SCHMITT": "Oh yes, there used to be lots of parties here.", "FRAULEIN FRANZ": "I\u2019ll keep looking. Baroness rises from her seat and take captain\u2019s arm. She looks out. ", "FRAULEIN HELGA": "That\u2019s the price of being a lady.", "LIESL": "", "FRIEDRICK": "Me. Freidrick taps Liesl on the shoulder & they begin to dance.", "LOUISA": "I", "KURT": "I", "BRIGITTA": "", "MARTA": "I", "FREIDRICK": "Fr\u00e4ulein Josephine. Four governesses ago.", "ALL CHILDREN": "Good night Father, Baroness.", "GRETLE": "", "ABC": "", "DO-RE-MI": "", "THAT?": "", "CHILDREN": "", "ALL CHILDDREN": "", "CURTAIN CLOSE": "", "ROLF": "They\u2019re gone! Everyone gasps. The curtain clothes. The Von Trapp family has left Salzburg forever.", "PSST.": "", "WRITE ON": "", "YOU.": "Off stage we here people argueing.", "FR\u00c4ULEIN SCHMITT": "I tried to stop them.", "ALL SERVANTS": "(The look at each other & smile) Yes, I guess. Servants exit. Leisl enters in fresh pajamas", "HELGA": "", "SISTER EVELYN": "Oh Sister Augustine, you have a many sisters who are also your friends. All the sisters agree with a friendly nod and murmur.", "SISTER ISABELLA.": "Me too! Come sister, don\u2019t you all miss Maria? Two months, with no singing! After a moment, they all start to murmur in agreement slowly getting more and more emotional. They all begin to cry.", "BERNICE": "Oh I hope she\u2019s nice!", "FRANCIS": "Me too! Like an angel! Enter Baroness Schrader followed by Helga, Schmitt & Franz carrying her luggage.", "MARGARITE": "What\u2019s a Baroness?", "BERTHA": "Oh she\u2019s an angel alright!", "BARONESS": "Don\u2019t. Don\u2019t say another word. You see, uh, there are other things I\u2019ve been thinking of. While planning this party over the past few weeks...I\u2019ve seen the way you look at Maria. I know you\u2019ve grown fond of her.", "MAXINE": "Thank you everyone. That concludes our show. Please sit while the judges give us the winner of the show. Enter a girl with an envelope.", "SURVIVE.": "", "END SONG": "Fraulien Schmitt enters with Rolf.", "SONG BEGINS": " \"The Sound of Musc\" 32. ", "FREISEL": "Yes, they wore red coats! Lesil & Freisel begin to dance with a pretend partner", "(MORE)": " \"The Sound of Musc\" 36.", "CAPTAINS MANSION": "The children sit around as Maria and the Captain hold hands. They are in their play clothes holding suitcases. ", "HERR ZELLER": "", "OFFICER HAMMERSTEIN": "Once again, how convenient.", "CUCKOO, CUCKOO": "", "CHAMPAGNE...YES?": "", "NO.": " \"The Sound of Musc\" 40. ", "SONG ENDS.": ""}, "titanic-numbered.pdf": {"Cast:": "", "JAMES CAMERON": "", "CUT TO:": "                                       78                                                                                                                              ", "ANATOLY": "(heavy Russian accent) We are here. Do  you  see it?  I don't  see  it... there! Out  of the darkness, like a ghostly apparition, the bow  of the ship appears.  Its knife-edge prow is coming straight at us,  seeming  to plow the bottom sediment like ocean  waves. It  towers above the seafloor, standing just as it landed 84 Is   just   your  guilt  because   of estealing from the dead.", "BODINE": "Come  left a little.  She's right  in front   of   us,   eighteen   meters. Fifteen.  Thirteen... you should  see it. You are so full of shit, boss. 7  Mir Two drives aft down the starboard side, past the huge anchor  while  Mir  One  passes over the  seemingly  endless forecastle  deck, with its massive anchor chains still  laid out  in  two  neat rows, its bronze windlass caps  gleaming. The  22  foot  long  subs are like white bugs  next  to  the I'm tryin' boss. Glinting  in the lights are the brass fixtures of the  near- perfectly  preserved  fireplace.  An  albino  Galathea  crab crawls  over  it.  Nearby are the remains of a divan  and  a writing  desk. The Dog crosses the ruins of the once elegant room   toward   another  Ooohh  daddy-oh, are you seein'  what I'm seein'?5. Who's the best?  Say it. You  know,  boss,  this  happened  to Geraldo   and   his   career    never recovered. She's  a  goddamned liar!  A nutcase. Like  that... what's her  name?  That Anastasia babe. She  says  she's Rose DeWitt Bukater, right?   Rose DeWitt Bukater died  on the Titanic.  At the age of 17.   If she'd've lived,  she'd  be  over   a hundred now. Okay,  so  she's a very old goddamned liar.   I  traced her as far back  as the 20's...  she was working  as  an actress in  S'cuse  me,  I have to go  check  our supply of Depends. (skeptical) You don't want anything? Live from 12,000 feet. The  bow's struck in the bottom  like an axe, from the impact.  Here...  I can run a simulation we worked up  on this monitor over here. Lizzy turns the chair so Rose can see the screen of Bodine's computer.  As he is calling up the file, he keeps talking. We've   put   together  the   world's largest   database  on  the  Titanic. Okay, here... She  hits  the berg on the  starboard side  and  it sort of bumps  along... punching  holes like a morse  code... dit dit  dit,  down the  side.   Now she's flooding in the17. The  bow  pulls out of its  dive  and planes  away, almost a half  a  mile, before  it  hits  the  bottom   going maybe 12 miles an hour.  The  stern implodes as it sinks, from the pressure,  and rips  apart  from the force  of  the  current  as   it falls, landing like a  big  pile  of junk. (indicating the simulation) Cool huh? So  let me get this right.  You  were gonna  kill  yourself by jumping  off the Titanic? (he guffaws) That's great! (still laughing) All you had to do was wait two days! Lovett, standing out of Rose's sightline, checks his  watch. Hours have passed.  This process is taking too long. Don't  you  love it?  There's  Smith, he's  standing there with the iceberg warning in his fucking hand... (remembering Rose) ...  excuse  me... in his  hand,  and he's ordering more speed. What, uh... happened next? We  never  found  anything  on  Jack. There's no record of him at all.", "LOVETT": "It still gets me every time. The image pans to the front viewport, looking over Anatoly's shoulder,  to the bow railing visible in the lights  beyond. Anatoly turns. Thanks, Tolya.  Work with me, here. Brock  resumes his serious, pensive gaze out the front port, with the camera aimed at himself at arm's length. Stay  off the floor.  Don't  stir  it up like you did yesterday. Okay,  I  want  to see  what's  under that wardrobe door. Oh baby baby baby. (grabs the mike) It's payday, boys. You are, Lewis. (to the video crew) You rolling? Well,  here  it  is,  the  moment  of truth.   Here's where we find out  if the time, the sweat, the money spent to charter this ship and these subs, to come  out here to  the middle  of the North Atlantic... were worth it.6. (to the video cameraman) Get that outta my face. You  send out what I tell you when  I tell    you.    I'm   signing    your paychecks, not 60 minutes.   Now  get set up for the uplink. Buell covers the phone and turns to Lovett. How  it's going?  It's going  like  a first   date   in  prison,   whattaya think?! Lovett grabs the phone from Buell and goes instantly smooth. Yes,  hi,  Tracy.  You know,  Titanic is not just A shipwrick, Titanic  is Nobody  called  the recovery  of  the artifacts from King Tut's tomb  grave robbing.    I   have   museum-trained experts here, making sure this  stuff is preserved    and    catalogued properly. Look  at  this   drawing, which was found Bobby,  we're launching.   See  these submersibles  here,  going   in   the water?  Take a message. This is Brock Lovett.  What can I  do for you, Mrs... ? ... Mrs. Calvert? (to Rose) Alright.    You  have  my  attention, Rose.   Can you tell me who the woman in the picture is? A hundred and one next month. And  everyobody who knows  about  the diamond is supposed to be dead...  or on this  ship.  But she knows  about it. And I want to hear what she has to say. Got it? Is your stateroom alright? Would you like anything? Louis  the Sixteenth wore a  fabulous stone,  called  the Blue  Diamond  of the Crown,  which  disappeared   in 1792, about  the  time  Louis   lost everything from the  neck  up.   The theory  goes that the crown  diamond was  chopped I  tracked  it down through insurance records...  and  old claim  that  was settled   under  terms  of   absolute secrecy.    Do  you  know   who   the claiment was, Rost? Nathan  Hockley,  right.   Pittsburgh steel    tycoon.    For   a   diamond necklace  his  son  Caledon   Hockley bought  in  France for his fiancee... you...  a  week before he  sailed  on Titanic.   And  the claim  was  filed If  your grandma is who she says  she is, she was wearing the diamond  the day Titanic sank. Deal. (crossing the room) Over  here  are  a few  things  we've recovered from your staterooms. Laid  out  on  a  worktable are fifty or  so  objects,  from mundane  to  valuable.  Rose, shrunken  in  her  chair,  can Are you ready to go back to Titanic? Rose  might  not want  to  see  this, Lewis. Will you share it with us?18. Tell us, Rose. She  looks  from screen to screen, the images of the  ruined ship. Just tell us what you can-- Well,  that's  the general  idea,  my dear.47. (warningly) Lewis... But Rose laughs with Bodine. Rose,   tell   us  more   about   the diamond.   What did Hockley  do  with it after that? Wait!   Can you give us something  go on, here.   Like who had  access  to the safe.   What about this  Lovejoy guy? The  valet.  Did he  have  the combination? Maybe  she  wants to make peace  with the past. Then    we're   all   meeting    your grandmother for the first time. Oh,  yeah.   Yeah,  I'm  a  believer. She was there.", "LOVETT (CONT'D)": "It  still  gets me every  time...  to see the  sad ruin of the great  ship sitting here,  where she  landed  at Right.  Let's go to work. Bodine slips on a pair of Easy, Lewis.  Take it slow. Lewis  grips a wardrobe door, lying at an angle in a corner, and pulls it with Snoop's gripper.  It moves reluctantly  in a  cloud  of  silt.   Under it is a dark object.   The  silt clears  and  Snoop's cameras show them what  was  under  the door... Shit. Hi,  Dave?   Barry?  Look, it  wasn't in the safe...7. I'll be God damned. ...a   piece  of  paper  that's  been underwater  for  84 years...  and  my team   are   able  to   preserve   it intanct.   Should this have  remained unseen  at  the bottom of  the  ocean for eternity, when we can see it and enjoy it (to Rose) And   that  makes  you  my  new  best friend.   I  will happily  compensate you for  anything you  can  tell  us that will lead to its recovery.15.", "LOVETT (V.O.)": "Dive nine.  Here we are again on  the deck  of  Titanic... two and  a  half miles  down.  The pressure  is  three tons  per  square  inch,  enough   to crush  us like a freight train  going over   an  ant  if  our  hull  fails.3. I've  planned  this  expedition   for three  years,  and  we're  out   here recovering  some  amazing   things... things   that   will  have   enormous historical and educational value. I'd  rather show you than  tell  you, and we  think  we're very  close  to doing just that. The  old  woman's  name  is", "BODINE (V.O.)": "Walkin' the dog.", "Titanic's opulence:": "10   A  grand piano in amazingly good shape, crashed on  its side against a wall.  The keys gleam black and white in  the lights. 11   A  chandelier, still hanging from the  ceiling  by  its wire... glinting as Snoop moves around it. 12   Its lights play across the floor, revealing a champagne", "BODINE (CONT'D)": "I'm  in  the  sitting room.   Heading for bedroom I'm crossing the bedroom. The  remains  of  a pillared canopy bed.  Broken  chairs,  a dresser.   Through the collapsed wall of the  bathroom,  the porcelain  commode and bathtub took almost new, gleaming  in the dark. forward   compartments...   and   the water  spills over the  tops  of  the bulkheads, going aft.  As her bow  is going   down,  her  stern  is  coming up...  slow  at  first...  and   then faster  and faster until it's lifting all", "CAMERAMAN": "Rolling. Brock  nods to his technicians, and they set about  drilling the  safe's hinges.  During this operation, Brock  amps  the suspense, working the lens to fill the time.", "BUELL": "The  partners want to know  how  it's going? There's a satellite call for you.10. No,  trust me, you want to take  this call. Rose Calvert. I  told  you you wanted to take  this call. They're inbound. Brock  nods and the three of them head forward to  meet  the approaching helo. The partners are pissed. We're running thirty thousand a  day, and we're   six  days  over.    I'm telling you what they're telling  me. The   hand is  on  the  plug.   It's starting to pull.", "ANNOUNCER": "Treasure hunter Brock Lovett is  best known  for  finding Spanish  gold  in sunken  galleons  in  the  Caribbean. Now he  is  using  deep  submergence technology  to work two  and  a  half miles    down   at   another   famous", "ROSE": "Turn that up please, dear. I'll be God damned. I  was  just  wondering  if  you  had found  the \"Heart of the Ocean\"  yet, Mr. Lovett. Brock  almost  drops  the  phone.  Bobby  sees  his  shocked expression... Oh  yes.  The woman in the picture is me. Yes.   Very  nice.  Have you  met  my granddaughter,  Lizzy?    She   takes care of me. Oh, yes.13. I should like to see my drawing. It was a dreadful, heavy thing. (she points at the drawing) I only wore it this once. It  is  me,  dear.  Wasn't  I  a  hot number? Someone   named  Hockley,  I   should imagine. I  don't want your money, Mr. Lovett. I know how hard it is for people who care greatly for money to give  some away. (indicating the drawing) You  may give me this, if anything  I tell you is of value. This  was  mine.   How extraordinary! It looks the same as the last time  I saw it. She  turns the mirror over and looks at her ancient face  in the cracked glass. No, no.  It's fine.  I'm curious. Bodine  starts  a Thank  you  for  that  fine  forensic analysis, Mr. Bodine.  Of course  the experience  of  it was somewhat  less clinical. No! Her voice is surprisingly strong.  The sweet little old lady is  gone,  replaced by a woman with eyes of  steel.   Lovett signals everyone to stay quiet. It's been 84 years... (holds up her hand for silence) It's  been  84  years...  and  I  can still  smell  the fresh  paint.19. Titanic   was  called  the  Ship   of Dreams.   And  it  was.   It   really was... As  the underwater camera rises past the rusted bow rail, I  don't  see  what all the  fuss  is about.   It  doesn't look any  bigger than the Mauretania. A You told me to change.23. I felt like black. Cal  guides  them  out  of the path of a  horse-drawn  wagon loaded  down  with two tons of (looking at a cubist portrait) You're  wrong.  They're  fascinating. Like  in  a  dream...  there's  truth without   logic.   What's  his   name again... ? (reading off the canvas) Do  you know of Dr. Freud?  His ideas about  the  male  preoccupation  with size  might be of particular interest to you, Mr. Ismay. Andrews chockes on his breadstick, suppressing laughter. Excuse me. She stalks away. Stay back!  Don't come any closer! Jack  sees  the tear tracks on her cheeks in the faint  glow from the stern running lights. No!   Stay where you are.  I mean it. I'll let go. What  do you mean no I won't?   Don't presume  to tell me what I  will  and will not do.  You don't know me. You're distracting me.  Go away. Don't be absurd.  You'll be killed. He takes off his jacket. The fall alone would kill you. How cold? (perplexed) No. I know what ice fishing is! You're crazy. Alright. She  unfastens one hand from the rail and reaches it  around toward him.  He reaches out to take it, firmly. (voice quavering) Pleased to meet you, Mr. Dawson. Rose starts to turn.  Now that she has decided to live,  the height  is  terrifying.  She is overcome by vertigo  as  she shifts her footing, turning to face the ship.  As she starts to  climb, her dress gets in the way, and one foot slips off  Cal, stop!  It was an accident. It   was...  stupid  really.   I  was leaning over and I slipped. Rose looks at Jack, getting eye contact. I   was  leaning  way  over,  to  see the...  ah...  propellers.    And   I slipped   and  I  would   have   gone overboard...  and  Mr.  Dawson   here saved  me  and  he almost  went  over himself. Is  that  the going rate  for  saving the woman you love? My God... Cal.  Is it a-- The   Heart   of  the  Ocean.    Cal, it's... it's overwhelming.46. I  can still feel its weight.  If you could  have  felt it, not  just  seen it... Im   afraid  I'm  feeling  a   little tired, Mr. Lovett. Lizzy picks up the cue and starts to wheel her out. The  next  day, Saturday, I  remember thinking how the sunlight felt. Hello Jack. Fabrizio  and  Tommy  are floored.   Its  like  the  slipper fitting Cinderella. Could I speak to you in private? Rose.  Rose DeWitt Bukater. Mr. Dawson, Jack...  I  feel like such an  idiot. It took me all morning to get up the nerve to face you. Here I am.  Look,   I  know  what  you  must   be thinking!   Poor  little  rich  girl. What does she know about misery? I  don't... it wasn't just one thing. It was everything.  It was them,  it was their  whole world.  And  I  was trapped in  it, like  an  insect  in amber. (in a rush) I  just  had to get away... just  run and (she lowers her head) Oh God, I am such an utter fool.53. Penguin?  Oh, Cal!  He is them. Worse I'm afraid. She shows him her engagement ring.  A sizable diamond. Yes, exactly! If only it were that simple. Oh,  Jack...  please don't  judge  me until you've seen my world. What's this?54. May Jack,  these are quite good!  Really, they are. Oh no!  Oh, I'm so sorry.  Truly! (laughing) You're deranged! She goes back to the book, turning a page. Well, well...55. (trying to be very adult) And these were drawn from life? You  liked this woman.  You used  her several times. (smiling) I  think  you must have  had  a  love affair with her... (looking up from the drawings) You  have a gift, Jack.  You do.  You see people. And...?56. (girlish and excited) You  know,  my dream has always  been to just  chuck it all and become  an artist...  living in a  garret,  poor but free! (angry in a flash) Listen,   buster...  I  hate  caviar! And I'm  tired of people  dismissing my dreams with a chuckle and  a  pat on the head. Well, alright.  There's something  in me, Jack.  I feel it.  I don't  know what  it is, whether I should  be  an artist, or,  I  don't   know...   a dancer. Like  Isadora Duncan....  a wild pagan spirit...58. ...or a moving picture actress! She  takes  his  hand and runs, pulling him along  the  deck toward-- So then what, Mr. Wandering Jack?59. A whole ten cents?! (looks at the dusk sky) Why  can't I be like you Jack?   Just head  out for the horizon whenever  I feel like it. (turning to him) Say  we'll  go there, sometime...  to You   mean  one  leg  on  each  side? Scandalous!  Can you show me? (smiling at him) I think I would. (she looks at the horizon) And  teach  me to spit too.   Like  a man.  Why should only men be able  to spit.  It's unfair.60. Mother, may I introduce Jack Dawson. Shall we go dress, mother? (over her shoulder) See you at dinner, Jack. Cal, surely you remember Mr. Dawson. There's  the  Countess  Rothes.   And that's   John   Jacob  Astor...   the richest man on the ship.  His  little wifey  there, Madeleine,  is  my  age and in a delicate condition. See how she's trying to hide it.  Quite  the scandal. And  that's  Benjamin Guggenheim  and his mistress, Madame  Aubert.   Mrs. Guggenheim  is  at  home   with   the children, of course. Cal,   meanwhile,  is  accepting  the  praise  of  his  male counterparts,  who  are looking at Rose like  a  prize  show  To making it count. Ruth,  annoyed  that  Jack has scored a point,  presses  him further. Mr.  Andrews, what are you doing?   I see you  everywhere writing in  this little book. (grabs it and reads) Increase  number  of  screws  in  hat hooks  from  2 to 3.  You  build  the Your  ship is a wonder, Mr.  Andrews. Truly. (low, to Jack) Nest   it'll  be  brandies   in   the Smoking Room. (low) Now  they  retreat into  a  cloud  of smoke and congratulate each other  on being masters of the universe. Jack, must you go? May I cut in, miss? I don't know the steps. You  think  a first class girl  can't drink? Everybody else is dancing again, and Bjorn Gundersen crashes into  Tommy,  who sloshes his beer over Rose's  dress.   She laughs,  not caring.  But Tommy lunges, grabbing  Bjorn  and wheeling him around.72. So,  you think you're big tough  men? Let's see you do this. In  her  stocking  feet she assumes a  ballet  stance,  arms raised,  and goes up on point, taking her entire  weight  on the  tips  of  her  toes.  The guys gape at  her  incredible muscle  control.  She comes back down, then her face  screws Oooowww!   I  haven't  done  that  in years. Jack  catches  her  as she loses her balance,  and  everyone cracks up. Isn't  it magnificent?  So grand  and endless. She goes to the rail and leans on it. They're  such  small people,  Jack... my crowd.  They think they're giants on  the earth, but they're not  even dust  in God's eye.  They live inside this  little tiny champagne bubble... and  someday the bubble's  going  to burst. A mistake? (laughing) I did, didn't I  like that.  Aren't we supposed  to wish on it?74. Something I can't have. (she smiles sadly) Goodnight, Jack.  And thank you. She  leaves  the  rail and hurries through the  First  Class Entrance. I was tired. (stiffening) I  see you had that undertaker  of  a manservant follow me. I'm  not  some foreman in your  mills than  you  can command!   I  am  your fiancee-- Cal  explodes,  sweeping the breakfast china off  the  table with  a  crash.   He  moves to her in one  shocking  moment, glowering  over her and gripping the sides of her chair,  so We...  had  a  little accident.   I'm sorry, Trudy. Oh,  stop  it, Mother.   You'll  give yourself a nosebleed. Ruth  pulls away from her, and crosses to the door,  locking it.  Of  course  I  know it's  gone.   You remind me every day! (hurt and lost) How   can   you  put   this   on   my shoulders? Rose  turns  to her, and we see what Rose sees--  the  naked fear in her mother's eyes. It's so unfair. (singing) O  hear  us when we cry to  thee  for those in peril on the sea. Mr.  Andrews,  I did the  sum  in  my head,   and   with  the   number   of lifeboats  times  the  capacity   you mentioned...  forgive  me,   but   it seems  that there are not enough  for everyone aboard. Jack,  this is impossible.   I  can't see you. He takes her by the shoulders. Jack, You're  making this very hard.   I'll be fine.  Really. It's not up to you to save me, Jack. I  have to get back, they'll miss me. Please,  Jack,  for both  our  sakes, leave me alone. Oh, look what I've done. Hello, Jack. He turns and she is standing there. I changed my mind. He  smiles at her, his eyes drinking her in.  Her cheeks are red  with  the chill wind, and her eyes sparkle.   Her  hair blows wildly about her face. Fabrizio said you might be up-- I'm flying! She  leans forward, arching her back.  He puts his hands  on her waist to steady her. That  was the last time Titanic  ever saw daylight. Brock Lovett changes the tape in the minicassette recorder.85. Will  this  light do?  Don't  artists need good light? Cal   insist  on  luggin  this  thing everywhere. Not  as long as the cigars and brandy hold out. A  diamond.   A  very  rare  diamond, called the Heart of the Ocean. Jack gazes at wealth beyond his comprehension. I  want  you  to draw  me  like  your French girl.  Wearing this. (she smiles at him) Wearing only this. He looks up at her, surprised, and we The  last  thing  I need  is  another picture  of me looking like  a  china doll.    As  a  paying  customer,   I expect to get what I want. She  hands  him a dime and steps back, parting  the  kimono. The  blue  stone lies on her creamy breast.   Her  heart  is Tell me when it looks right to you. She  poses  on  the  divan, settling like  a  cat  into  the position we remember from the drawing... almost. I  believe you are blushing, Mr.  Big Artiste.   I  can't imagine  Monsieur Monet blushing. Date  it,  Jack.   I want  to  always remember this night. He  Come on! She and Jack break into a run, surprising the few ladies and gentlemen about.  Rose leads him past the stairs to the bank of  elevators.  They run into one, shocking the hell out  of the Take us down.  Quickly, quickly! The Operator scrambles to comply.  Jack even helps him close the  steel  gate.   Lovejoy runs up as the  lift  starts  to descend.   He slams one hand on the bars of the gate.   Rose makes  a  very  rude and unladylike gesture, and  laughs  as Lovejoy disappears above.  The Operator gapes at her. He's  an ex-Pinkerton.  Cal's  father hired   him  to  keep  Cal   out   of trouble...  to  make sure  he  always got back  to  the  hotel  with  his wallet and  watch, after some  crawl through the less reputable parts  of town... To the stars.93. Au contraire, mon cher. He  strokes  her  face,  cherishing  her.   She  kisses  his artist's fingers. Put your hands on me Jack. He  kisses  her, and she slides down in the seat  under  his welcome weight. You're trembling. When  this  ship docks,  I'm  getting off with you. I  know.  It doesn't make any  sense. That's why I trust it.97. Could it have damaged the ship? We have to tell Mother and Cal. Come  with  me, Jack.   I  jump,  you jump... Right? Something serious has happened. Cal, you can't be serious!  We're  in the middle of an emergency and you-- Steward  Barnes  pulls the Heart of the  Ocean  out  of  the pocket of Jack's coat. (uncertain) He couldn't have. But I was with him the whole time.107. I  saw the iceberg, Mr. Andrews.  And I see it in your eyes.  Please  tell me the truth. You're certain? Yes, I understand.  Thankyou. Andrews  goes  off, moving among the passengers  and  urging them to put on their lifebelts and get to the boats. Oh, Mother shut up! (Ruth freezes, mouth open) Don't  you understand?  The water  is freezing  and  there  aren't   enough boats...  not enough by  half.   Half the people on this ship are going  to die. Goodbye, mother. Ruth,  standing in the tippy lifeboat, can do nothing.   Cal grabs  Rose's arm but she pulls free and walks away  through the  crowd.   Cal  catches up to Rose and grabs  her  again, roughly. I'd  rather  be his whore  than  your wife. He  clenches his jaw and squeezes her arm viciously, pulling her  back toward the lifeboat.  Rose pulls out a hairpin and jabs him with it.  he lets go with a curse and she runs into the crowd. That  man tried to take advantage  of me in the crowd! Appalled,  they turn to see Cal running toward  them.   Rose runs  on as the two men grab Cal, restraining him.  She runs throught the First Class entrance. Cal  breaks  free  and  runs  after  her.   He  reaches  the Mr.  Andrews, thank God!  Where would the Master  at  Arms  take  someone under arrest?! No!   I'll  do this with  or  without your  help,  sir.  But  without  will take longer. Bottom, left, right.  I have it. I'm   through   with  being   polite, goddamnit!!   I may never  be  polite the rest  of my life!  Now  take  me down!! The operator fumbles to close the gate and start the lift. Left, crew passage. She spots it and slogs down the flooded corridor.  The place is understandably deserted.  She is on her own. Right, right... right. She turns into a cross-corridor, splashing down the hall.  A row of doors on each side. Jack?  Jaaacckk?? Jack,  Jack, Jack... I'm  sorry,  I'm so sorry. They are so happy to see each other it's embarrassing. I know, I know.125. I didn't. (she looks at him) I just realized I already knew. They  share  a  look, then she goes back to  ransacking  the room,  searching drawers and cupboards.  Jack sees  movement out the porthole and looks out. There's no key in here. They  look  around at the water, now almost two  feet  deep. Jack has pulled his feet up onto the bench.126. (nodding) I'll be right back. Hello?  Somebody?! She  turns  a  corner and runs along another corridor  in  a daze.   The  hall  slopes down into water  which,  shimmers, reflecting the light.  The margin of the water creeps toward her.   A  Help me!  We need help! He  doesn't  look back.  It is like a bad dream.   The  hull gongs with terrifying sounds. The  lights  flicker and go out, leaving utter darkness.   A beat.    Then   they  come  back  on.   She  finds   herself hyperventilating.  That one moment of blackness was the most Wait.    Wait!   I  need  your  help! There's-- No,  let  me  go!  You're  going  the wrong way! He's not listening.  And he won't let her go. She  See you there, buster! The  steward runs off, holding his bloody nose.   She  spits after him.  Just the way Jack Will this work? Move aside!  Quickly, move aside! Jack  and Tommy run up the steps with the bench and  If  you have any intention of keeping your pathetic job The boats are gone! She  sees  Colonel Gracie chugging forward along  the  deck, escorting two first class ladies. Colonel!  Are there any boats left? I'm not going without you. No.  Not without you! She doesn't even care that Cal is standing right there.   He sees the emotion between Jack and Rose and his jaw clenches. But then he leans close to her and says... You jump, I jump, right? We can't leave him. Jack  nods  and  they leave the promise  of  escape  up  the stairwell to run to the child.  Jack scoops up the  kid  and they run back to the stairs but-- A  torrent  of  water  comes pouring down  the  stairs  like rapids.   In  seconds  it is too powerful  for  them  to  go No!  Not that way!  Come back! 228  Help us!  Please! The steward stops and looks back.  He sees Jack and Rose  at the  gate,  their  arms raching through...  sees  the  water Won't  you  even make a try  for  it, Mr. Andrews?152. (hugging him) And to you, Mr. Andrews. Jack pulls her away and they run through the revolving door. I trust you. Below  them  the  poop  deck  is disappearing.   The  plunge gathers  speed...  the boiling surface engulfs  the  docking bridge and then rushes up the last thirty feet.163. It's so cold. What's that? Jack  sees  what she is pointing to, and they  make  for  it together.   It  is  a  piece of wooden  debris,  intricately carved.  He  pushes her up and she slithers  onto  it  belly down. But  when Jack tries to get up onto the thing, it tilts  and Thank God for you Jack. People are still screaming, calling to the lifeboats. It's getting quiet. I love you Jack. He takes her hand. I'm so cold. I can't feel my body. I promise. I  promise.   I  will never  let  go, Jack.  I'll never let go. She  grips  his hand and they lie with their heads together. It is quiet now, except for the lapping of the water. \"Come    Josephine   in   my   flying machine...\" (barely audible) Jack. She  touches  his shoulder with her free hand.   He  doesn't respond.   Rose  gently turns his face toward  her.   It  is rimed with frost. He seems to be sleeping peacefully. Oh, Jack. All hope, will and spirit leave her.  She looks at the boat. It  is  further away now, the voices fainter.  Rose  watches them go. She  closes her eyes.  She is so weak, and there just  seems to be no reason to even try. I won't let go.  I promise. She  releases  him and he sinks into the  black  water.   He seems to fade out like a spirit returning to some immaterial plane. Rose  rolls off the floating staircase and plunges into  the icy  water.   She  swims to Chief Officer Wilde's  body  and Dawson.  Rose Dawson. The officer steers her toward a holding area for processing. Rose walks forward with the dazed immigrants.  The", "REPORTER (V.O.)": "Your  expedition is at the center  of a storm  of controversy over salvage rights and  even ethics.   Many  are calling you a grave robber.", "FRAME.": "", "LIZZY": "Yes.   We met just a few minutes ago, grandma.  Remember, up on deck? You  actually  believe this  is  you, grandma? April 14, 1912. (taking the wheelchair) I'm taking her to rest. That's enough. Lizzy  takes  her  out.   Rose's old hand  reapears  at  the doorway in a frail wave goodbye. Don't you mean work me? I'm  not  going to help you  browbeat my hundred and What? Look,  Brock, she's going to do  this her way,  in  her own  time.   Don't forget, she  contacted  you.   She's out  here for  her own reasons,  God knows what they are. What  past?  She has never once,  not once,  ever  said a word about  being on the Titanic until two days ago. (looks at him hard) You think she was really there?", "ROSE (CONT'D)": "There,  that's nice.  I have to  have my pictures  when  I  travel.   And Freddy of course. (to the Pomeranian) Isn't that right, sweetie. The reflection has changed a bit. She spies something else, a silver and moonstone art-nouveau brooch. My  mother's brooch.  She  wanted  to go back  for  it.   Caused  quite  a fuss. Rose  picks  up  an ornate art-nouveau (pointing suddenly) Look!  A shooting star. with  the White Star Line, I  suggest you escort these good people to  the boat deck... now. Class wins out. He nods dumbly motions form them to follow.", "MATCH DISSOLVE:": "", "CAL": "You  can  be blase about some things, Rose,  but  not about Titanic.   It's over   a  hundred  feet  longer  than Mauretania,  and far more  luxurious. It has  squash  courts,  a  Parisian cafe... even Turkish baths. Your  daughter is much  too  hard  to impress, Ruth. (indicating a puddle) Mind your step. It   is   unsinkable.   God   himself couldn't sink this ship. Cal  speaks  with  the pride of a host providing  a  special experience. This entire entourage of rich Americans is impeccably turned out,  a quintessential example of the Edwardian upper class, I put my faith in you, good sir. We'd   better   hurry.    This   way, ladies. He  indicates the way toward the first class gangway.   They move  into  the  crowd.   Steady!! Steerage  swine.   Apparently  missed his annual bath. All  part of my charm, Ruth.  At  any rate,  it  was  my darling  fiancee's beauty rituals which made us late. I  couldn't  let you  wear  black  on sailing  day,  sweetpea.   It's   bad luck. Here  I've  pulled  every  string   I could  to  book  us on  the  grandest ship   in   history,  in   her   most luxurious  suites... and you  act  as if you're going to your execution. Rose  looks  up  as the hull of Titanic looms over  them...a Those  mud  puddles were certainly  a waste of money. (coming into the sitting room) He'll  never amount to a thing, trust me. At least they were cheap. A porter wheels Cal's private safe (which we recognize) into the room on a handtruck. Put that in the wardrobe. 47   (looking at Rose) And  when I crawl between the  sheets tonight, I'll still be the first. The first and only.  Forever. Rose's  expression shows how bleak a prospect  this  is  for her, now. She knows. Cal takes the cigarette from her and stubs it out. (to the waiter) We'll  both  have  the  lamb.   Rare, with a little mint sauce.35. (tense but feigning unconcern) Well,  I  may  have to start  minding what she reads from now on. What  made  you think you  could  put your  hands on my fiancee?!  Look  at me, you  filth!  What did you  think you were doing?!43. An accident?! You wanted to see the propellers? (rubbing her arms) Let's get you in.  You're freezing.44. Oh,  right.  Mr. Lovejoy.   A  twenty should do it. Rose  is displeased.  Mmm... what  to do? Cal turns back to Jack.  He appraises him condescendingly... a steerage ruffian, unwashed and ill-mannered. I know. (to Jack) Perhaps you could join us for  dinner tomorrow,  to regale our  group  with your heroic tale? Good.  Settled then. Cal  turns to go, putting a protective arm around Rose.   he leans close to Gracie as they walk away. This should be amusing. (unexpectedly tender) I  know you've een melancholy, and  I don't pretent to know why. From behind his back he hands her a large black velvet jewel case.  She takes it, numbly. I  intended  to  save this  till  the engagement  gals next  week.   But  I thought  tonight, perhaps a  reminder of my feeling for you... Rose slowly opens the box.  Inside is the necklace... Daimond.  Yes it is.  56 carats. He  takes  the necklace and during the following  places  it around  her  throat.   He turns her to the  mirror,  staring behind her. It   was  once  worn  by  Louis   the Sixteenth.  They call it Le Coeur  de la Mer, the-- It's   for  royalty.   And   we   are royalty. His fingers caress her neck and throat.  He seems himself to be  disarmed by Rose's elegance and beauty.  His emotion is, for the first time, unguarded. There's nothing I couldn't give  you. There's nothing I'd deny you  if  you would  deny me.  Open your  heart  to me, Rose. (caught off guard) Dawson!  I didn't recognize you. (studies him) Amazing!   You could almost pass  for a gentlemen. Thank you. Mr.  Dawson is joining us from  third class.  He was of some assistance  to my fiancee last night. (to Jack, as if to a child) This   is  foie  gras.   It's   goose liver. (answering for him) Just a soupcon of lemon... (to Jack, smiling) ...it   improves  the   flavor   with champagne. A   real  man  makes  his  own  luck, Archie. Rose  notices that Thomas Andrews, sitting next to  her,  is writing   in   his   notebook,   completely   ignoring   the conversation. Probably   best.    It'll   be    all business and politics, that  sort  of thing.   Wouldn't interest you.  Good of you to come. Cal and te other gentlemen exit. I  had  hoped you would  come  to  me last night. Yes.    Your  exertions  below  decks were no doubt exausting. You   will  never  behave  like  that again!  Do you understand?75. Yes!  You  are!   And my  wife...  in practice, if not yet by law.  So  you will  honor me, as a wife is required to honor her husband!  I will not be made out a fool!  Is this in any  way unclear? Rose  shrinks  into  the  chair.  She  sees  Trudy,  frozen, Reminds me of my Harvard days. (slapping the side of a boat) Waste  of deck space as it is, on  an unsinkable ship! (low but forceful) This  is  ridiculous, Lovejoy.   Find her. I have a better idea. Yes  there  is, I have  been  robbed. Now get the Master at Arms.  Now you moron! That's right.  Two things dear to  me have  disappeared this evening.   Now that one is back... (he looks from Rose to Jack) ...  I  have a pretty good idea where to fine the other.106. That's it. Of  course he could.  Easy enough for a professional.   He  memorized  the combination when you opend the safe. (just to her, low and cold) Maybe  he  did  it  while  you   were putting your clothes back on. It is a little slut, isn't it? To Rose the blow is inconsequential compared to the blow her heart has been given.  Cal grabs her shoulders roughly. Look at me, you little-- There is a loud knock on the door and an urgent voice.   The door opens and their steward puts his head in. Get out.  We're busy. The  steward  persists, coming in to get the lifebelts  down from the top of a dresser. This is ridiculous.111. It's  just  the  God  damned  English doing everything by the book.113. My God. Now  it  is  Cal's  turn  to  look  stunned.   The  Titanic? Sinking? Stay here, Ruth. Ruth sees his expression, and knows fear for the first time. Not the better half. Where  are  you going?  To  him?   Is that  it?   To  be a  whore  to  that gutter rat? We're running out of time.  And  this strutting martinet... (indicating Lightoller) ...isn't letting any men in at all. Then  that's  our  play.   But  we're still going to need some insurance. (he starts off forward) Come on. Cal  charges off, heading forward, followed by Lovejoy.  The (holding up stacks of bills) I make my own luck. Ben, what's the occasion? That's admirable, Ben. (walking on) I'll  sure and tell your wife... when I get to New York. We're too late. It's  starting  to  fall  apart.   We don't have much time. Cal  sees  three  dogs run by, including  the  black  French bulldog.  Someone has released the pets from the kennels. Cal  sees Murdoch turn from the davits of boat 15 and  start walking  toward the bow.  He catches up and falls in  beside Mr.  Murdoch,  I'm a businessman,  as you know,  and  I  have  a  business proposition for you. So we have an understanding then? God damn it to hell!  Come on. He  and  Lovejoy head for the port side, taking a  short-cut through the bridge. Bruce  Ismay,  seeing his oppurtunity,  steps  quickly  into Collapsible  Yes.  Get in the boat, Rose. She is shocked to see him.  She steps instinctively to Jack. Cal  looks at her, standing there shivering in her wet  slip and stockings, a shocking display in 1912. My God, look at you. (taking off his boat) Here, put this on. She  numbly shrugs into it.  He is doing it for modesty, not the cold. (low) There  are  boats on the  other  side that  are allowing men in.  Jack  and I can get off safely.  Both of us. Get   in...  hurry  up,  it's  almost full.143. (low) You're a good liar. I  always  win,  Jack.   One  way  or another. (looks at him, smiling) Pity  I  didn't  keep  that  drawing. It's going to be worth a lot more  by morning. (calling to them) Enjoy your time together!! Lovejoy   arrives  next  to  him.   Cal  suddenly  remembers something and starts to laugh. I  put the diamond in my coat pocket. And I put my coat... on her. He  turns  to  Lovejoy  with a sickly expression,  his  eyes glittering. I  give  it to you... if you can  get it. He  hands  Lovejoy the pistol and goes back up  the  stairs. Lovejoy  thinks about it... then slogs into the water.   The icewater is up to his waist as he crosses the pool into  the dining saloon. We had a deal, damn you. Murdoch pushes him back, pointing the pistol at Cal. (forcing his way through the crowd) Here's a child!  I've got a child! There, there. Get back!  You'll swamp us! Fabrizio, swimming for his life, gets swirled under a davit. The  ropes  and pulleys tangle around him as the davit  goes under  the  water,  and he is dragged down.   Underwater  he struggles  to  free  himself, and then  kicks  back  to  the surface.   He  surfaces, gasping for  air  in  the  freezing (to the crew in the boat) Row!  Row you bastards!!155. Stay back!  Keep off! Fabrizio,  exhausted and near the limit, makes it almost  to the  boat.   Cal  (pointing with the oar) It's that way!", "RUTH": "(gazing at the leviathan) So  this  is  the ship  they  say  is unsinkable. Honestly,   Cal,   if   you   weren't forever  booking  everything  at  the last  instant,  we  could  have  gone through   the  terminal  instead   of running  along  the  dock  like  some squalid immigrant family. You know I don't like that, Rose. My God, Rose, what's gotten into-- (mortified) I do apologize. Oh  no,  that vulgar Brown  woman  is coming  this  way.  Get  up,  quickly before she sits with us. Molly  Brown walks up, greeting them cheerfully as they  are rising. We're  awfully sorry you  missed  it. The Countess and I are just  off  to take the air on the boat deck. Charmed, I'm sure. Jack  has  a little spit running down his chin.  He  doesn't know  it.   Molly Brown is grinning.  As Rose proceeds  with the introductions, we hear... (as they walk away) Rose,  look at you... out in the  sun with no hat.  Honestly! The  Countess  exits with Ruth and Rose,  leaving  Jack  and Molly alone on deck. How   can   you  say  that   Colonel? Caledon Hockley is a great catch. The  entourage strolls toward the dining saloon, where  they run into the Astor's going through the ornate double doors. Tell  us  of  the  accommodations  in steerage,   Mr.   Dawson.    I   hear they're quite good on this ship. And  where  exactly do you live,  Mr. Dawson? You   find   that  sort  of  rootless existence appealing, do you? How  is  it  you have  the  means  to travel, Mr. Dawson?68. You  are  not to see that boy  again, do you understand me Rose?  I forbid it! Rose  has her knee at the base of her mother's back  and  is pulling the corset strings with both hands. (wheeling on her) Rose,  this  is  not  a  game!    Our situation  is precarious.   You  know the money's gone!76. Your  father  left us nothing  but  a legacy of bad debts hidden by a  good name.   And  that name  is  the  only card we have to play. Rose  turns  her around and grabs the corset strings  again. Ruth sucks in her waist and Rose pulls. I  don't  understand you.   It  is  a fine  match with Hockley, and it will insure our survival. Do  you  want to se me working  as  a seamstress?  Is that what  you  want? Do you  want to see our fine  things sold at  an  auction,  our  memories scattered to  the  winds?   My  God, Rose, how can you be so selfish? Of  course it's unfair!  We're women. Our choices are never easy. Rose pulls the corset tighter. Don't be absurd.  I can't think of  a skill I should likely need less. Of  course the invitations had to  be sent  back  to  the  printers  twice. And the bridesmaids dresses!  Let  me tell you  what an odyssey  that  has been... Why do women believe men? I had better go dress. Ruth  exits  and  Hockley crosses to Rose.  He  regards  her coldly for a moment, then There's  no  need for  language,  Mr. Hockley. (to Trudy) Go  back and turn the heater on in my room,  so  it won't be too cold  when we get back. My  brooch, I left my brooch.  I must have it! She  turns back to go to her room but Cal takes her  by  the arm,  refusing  to  let her go.  The firmness  of  his  hold surprises her. Will    the   lifeboats   be   seated according  to class?  I hope  they're not too crowded-- Rose, get in the boat! Rose! ", "PORTER": "Sir,   you'll  have  to  check   your baggage  through the  main  terminal, round that way-- Cal  nonchalantly hands the man a fiver.  The porter's  eyes dilate.  Five pounds was a monster tip in those days. Yes, sir.  My pleasure, sir. Cal  never  tires  of the effect of money  on  the  unwashed masses.", "CAL (CONT'D)": "(curtly, indicating Lovejoy) See my man. (to McElroy) Please...  I'm  all she  has  in  the world. McElroy nods curtly and pushes him into the boat.  He  spins with  his  gun, brandishing it in the air to keep the  other men  back.  Cal gets into the boat, holding the little girl.", "LOVEJOY": "(to the porter) These  trunks here, and  12  more  in the Daimler.   We'll have  all  this lot up in the rooms. The  White Star man looks stricken when he sees the enormous pile of steamer trunks and suitcases loading down the second You'll want to tie those. (Jack looks at his shoes)45. Mr.  Hockley and Mrs. DeWitt  Bukater continue  to be most appreciative  of your  assistance.  They asked  me  to give you this in gratitude-- He  holds out two twenty dollar bills, which Jack refuses to take. --and  also  to remind you  that  you hold  a  third class ticket and  your presence    here   is    no    longer appropriate. Jack spots Rose but she doesn't see him. Gentlemen,   please  see   that   Mr. Dawson gets back where he belongs. (giving the twenties to the stewards) And that he stays there. None of the stewards have seen her. Miss Rose?  Hello? He  hears a door opening and goes through Cal's room  toward hers. We've been looking for you miss. Lovejoy  follows  and, unseen, moves close behind  Jack  and smoothly slips the diamond necklace into the pocket  of  his overcoat. (holding Jack's coat) It's not even your pocket, son. (reading) \"Property of Go on.  I'll keep an eye on him. Lovejoy pulls a pearl handled Colt .45 automatic from  under his  coat.  The Master at Arms nods and tosses the  handcuff key  to Lovejoy, then exits with the crewman.  Lovejoy flips the key in the air.  Catches it. You  know... I believe this ship  may sink. (crosses to Jack) I've  been  asked to  give  you  this small token of our appreciation... He  punches Jack hard in the stomach, knocking the wind  out Compliments of Mr. Caledon Hockley.118. She's  not  on  the  starboard   side either. The  one on the other side is letting men in. (putting the .45 in his waistband) So do There  are still some boats  forward. Stay  with  this one... Murdoch.   He seems to be quite... practical. 215   I've  found her.  She's just over  on the port side.  With him. What could possible be funny?", "DANIEL": "Look  up at the ship, darling, that's it. You're  amazed!    You   can't believe how  big  it  is!   Like   a mountain. That's great. Mary Marvin, without an acting fiber in her body, does a bad Clara Bow pantomime of awe, hands raised.", "MAN": "Sorry squire! The Cockney father pushes on, after his kids, shouting. Please   get  this  to  my  wife   in DeMoines, Iowa. Jack looks at Tommy and Fabrizio. Yeah,  though  I  walk  through   the valley of the shadow of death-- Let  me  try  at least, or  I'll  die soon.165. Yes, I see.  Good luck to you then. (swimming off) God bless. Please...  help us.  Save  one  life!", "OLAF": "(subtitled) You   stupid   fishhead.    I   can't believe you bet our tickets.", "SVEN": "(subtitled) You  lost our money.  I'm just trying to get it back.  Now shutup and take a card.", "JACK": "(jaunty) Hit me again, Sven. Jack takes the card and slips it into his hand. The    moment    of    truth    boys. Somebody's life's about to change. Fabrizio puts his cards down.  So do the Swedes.  Jack holds his close.25. Let's  see... Fabrizio's got  niente. Olaf,  you've  got squat.   Sven,  uh oh... two pair... mmm. (turns to his friend) Sorry Fabrizio. Sorry,  you're  not  gonna  see  your mama again for a long time... He slaps a full house down on the table. (grinning) 'Cause   you're  goin'  to  America!! Full house boys! (to the Swedes) Sorry  boys.  Three of a kind  and  a pair.    I'm  high  and  you're   dry and... (to Fabrizio) ... we're going to-- Goin'  home...  to the  land  o'  the free  and  the home of the real  hot- dogs!    On   the  Shit!!  Come on, Fabri! (grabbing their stuff) Come on!! (to all, grinning) It's been grand. They run for the door. Wait!!  We're passengers! Flushed and panting, he waves the tickets. (lying cheerfully) Of  course!   Anyway, we  don't  have lice, we're Americans. (glances at Fabrizio) Both of us. (grabbing Fabrizio's arm) Come on, Sven. Jack  and  Fabrizio whoop with victory as they run down  the white-painted corridero... grinning from ear to ear. We  are  the luckiest sons of bitches in the world! Of   course  not.   That's  not   the point. (to the crowd) Goodbye!  Goodbye!!  I'll miss you! Grinning,  Fabrixio joins in, adding his voice to the  swell of voices, feeling the exhilaration of the moment. That's  so we know where we  rank  in the scheme of things. Don't do it. She  whips  her head around at the sound of his  voice.   It takes a second for her eyes to focus. Take  my  hand.  I'll pull  you  back in. No you won't. You  would have done it already.  Now come on, take my hand. Rose  is  confused now.  She can't see him very well through the  tears,  so she wipes them with one hand, almost  losing her balance. I  can't.  I'm involved now.  If  you let go I have to jump in after you. I'm a good swimmer. He starts unlacing his left shoe.40. It  would  hurt.  I'm not  saying  it wouldn't.   To be honest  I'm  a  lot more  concerned about the water being so cold. She looks down.  The reality factor of what she is doing  is sinking in. (taking off his left shoe) Freezing.   Maybe  a  couple  degrees over. He starts unlacing his right shoe. Ever been to Wisconsin? Well  they  have some of the  coldest winters around, and I grew up  there, near  Chippewa Falls.   Once  when  I was a kid me and my father were ice- fishing out on Lake Wissota...  ice- fishing's where you chop a  hole  in the-- Sorry.   Just... you look  like  kind of an  indoor girl.  Anyway, I  went through some  thin  ice   and   I'm tellin'  ya, water that cold...  like that right down there... it hits  you like  a thousand knives all over your body.   You  can't That's  what  everybody  says.    But with  all  due respect, I'm  not  the one hanging off the back of a ship. He  slides  one  step closer, like moving up  on  a  spooked horse. Come  on.  You don't want to do this. Give me your hand. Rose  stares at this madman for a long time.  She  looks  at his  eyes  and  they  somehow  suddenly  seem  to  fill  her universe. I'm Jack Dawson. I've got you.  I won't let go.42. Uh huh.  That was pretty much it. He  looks  at Rose a moment longer.  Now they have a  secret together. (looking straight at Rose) Sure.  Count me in. (as Lovejoy passes) Can I bum a cigarette? Lovejoy  smoothly  draws a silver cigarette  case  from  his jacket  and  snaps  it open.  Jack takes a  cigarette,  then another,  popping  it  behind his ear  for  later.   Lovejoy lights Jack's cigarette. Hello again. Uh, yes.  Of course.  After you. He  motions  her ahead and follows.  Jack glances  over  his shoulder,  one  eyebrow raised, as he  walks  out  with  her leaving a stunned silence. So, you got a name by the way? That's quite a moniker.  I may  hafta get you to write that down. There is an awkward pause. Jack.52. Well, here you are. You're welcome.  Rose. That's   not  what  I  was  thinking. What   I  was  thinking  was...  what could  have  happened  to  hurt  this girl  so much she though she  had  no way out. Uh  huh.   They'll be sorry.  'Course you'll be dead. That  penguin last night, is  he  one of them? Is he your boyfriend? Gawd  look at that thing!  You  would have gone straight to the bottom. They laugh together.  A passing steward scowls at Jack,  who is clearly not a first class passenger, but Rose just glares at him away. So  you feel like you're stuck  on  a train   you  can't  get  off   'cause you're marryin' this fella. So don't marry him. It is that simple. Well, I guess I will tonight. Looking  for  another topic, any other topic, she  indicates his sketchbook. Just some sketches. Well,  they didn't think too much  of 'em in Paree. Some  loose  sketches fall out and are taken  by  the  wind. Jack scrambles after them... catching two, but the rest  are gone, over the rail. Well,  they didn't think too much  of 'em in Paree. He snaps his wrist, shaking his drawing hand in a flourish. I   just   seem  to  spew  'em   out. Besides,  they're not  worth  a  damn anyway. For  emphasis he throws away the two he caught.   They  sail off. Yup.   That's one of the great things about  Paris.  Lots of girls  willing take their clothes off. She  studies one drawing in particular, the girl posed  half in sunlight, half in shadow.  Her hands lie at her chin, one furled  and  one open like a flower, languid  and  graceful. She had beautiful hands. (laughing) No, no!  Just with her hands. I see you. There it is.  That piercing gaze again. You wouldn'ta jumped. (laughing) You  wouldn't last two days.  There's no hot  water, and hardly  ever  any caviar. I'm sorry.  Really... I am. Well,  then  logging got  to  be  too much  like  work, so I went  down  to Los Angelas  to the  pier  in  Santa Monica. That's a swell place,  they even   have a   rollercoaster.    I sketched portraits  there  for   ten cents a (not getting it) Yeah;  it was great money... I  could make a dollar a day, sometimes.   But only in summer.  When it got cold,  I decided  to go to Paris and see  what the real artists were doing. Alright,  we're going.   We'll  drink cheap    beer   and   go    on    the rollercoaster until we throw  up  and we'll  ride  horses on  the  beach... right in the surf... but you have  to ride  like  a  cowboy, none  of  that Sure. If you like. They   didn't  teach  you   that   in finishing  school?  Here, it's  easy. Watch closely. He spits.  It arcs out over the water. Your turn. Rose  screws up her mouth and spits.  A pathetic little  bit of  foamy  spittle which mostly runs down  her  chin  before falling off into the water. Nope,  that was pitiful.  Here,  like this...    you   hawk   it    down... That was great! Rose  turns to him, her face alight.  Suddenly she blanches. He sees her expression and turns. Not really. I  saw  that  in a nickelodean  once, and I always wanted to do it. Yeah,   you   just   dress   like   a pallbearer and keep your nose up.64. No,   the   Chippewa  Falls  Dawsons, actually. The  best I've seen, m'am. Hardly any rats. Rose motions surreptitiously for Jack to take his napkin off his plate. (to the waiter) No caviar for me, thanks. (to Cal) Never did like it much.67. Well,  right  now my address  is  the Well... it's a big world, and I  want to see  it  all  before  I  go.   My father was  always  talkin'   about goin'  to see the ocean.  He died  in the  town  he was born in, and  never did  see  it. You can't wait around, because  you I  work  my way from place to  place. Tramp  steamers and such.  I  won  my ticket  on  Titanic here in  a  lucky hand at poker. (he glances at Rose) A very lucky hand. No thanks.  I'm heading back. Time  for my coach to turn back  into a pumpkin. He leans over to take her hand. Want to go to a real party? You're still my best girl, Cora. Cora  scampers off.  Rose and Jack face each other.  She  is trembling as he takes her right hand in his left.  His other hand slides to the small of her back.  It is an electrifying moment. Just move with me. Don't think. The  music  starts  and they are off.  A little  awkward  at first, she starts to get into it.  She grins at Jack as  she starts to get the rhythm of the steops. How you two doin'? Boys, boys!  Did I ever tell you  the one about the Swede and the Irishman goin' to the whorehouse? Tommy  stands there, all piss and vinegar, chest puffed  up. Then he grins and claps Bjorn on the shoulder. You're  not  one  of  them.   There's been a mistake. Uh  huh.  You got mailed to the wrong address. That  was a long one.  My father used to say that whenever you saw one, it was a soul going to heaven. What would you wish for? After a beat, Rose pulls back. Rose!! But  the  door  bangs shut, and she is gone.   Back  to  her world. I  was  just here last night... don't you remember? (seeing Lovejoy coming toward him) He'll tell you. I don't want money, I just need to talk to Rose for a-- It was them, not her. (glancing around the deck) Ready... go. Tommy   shakes  his  head  resignedly  and  puts  his  hands together, crouching down.  Jack steps into Tommy's hands and gets  boosted up to the next deck, where he scrambles nimbly Rose,  you're no picnic...  you're  a spoiled  little brat even, but  under that  you're  a strong,  pure  heart, and you're   the   most   amazingly astounding girl I've ever known  and- - No  wait.   Let me try  to  get  this out.  You're amazing... and I know  I have  nothing to offer you, Rose.   I know  that.   But I'm  involved  now. You jump, I jump, remember?  I can't turn away   without  knowin'   that you're I  don't  think so.  They've got  you in a  glass jar like some butterfly, and you're goin' to die if you don't break out.   Maybe not  right  away, 'cause you're strong.  But sooner  or later the fire in you is goin' to  go out.82. You're right.  Only you can do that. Sssshh.  Come here. He  puts his hands on her waist.  As if he is going to  kiss her. Close your eyes. She does, and he turns her to face forward, the way the ship is going.  He presses her gently to the rail, standing right behind  her.   Then he takes her two hands and  raises  them until  she  is  standing with her arms outstetched  on  each side.   Rose  is going along with him.  When he  lowers  his Okay.  Open them. Rose  gasps.   There is nothing in her field of  vision  but water.   It's like there is no ship under them at all,  just the two of them soaring.  The Atlantic unrolls toward her, a hammered copper shield under a dusk sky.  There is only  the wind, and the hiss of the water 50 feel below. (singing softly) Come    Josephine   in   my    flying machine...84. (bad French accent) Zat  is  true,  I  am  not  used   to working     in     such     'orreeble conditions. (seeing the paintings) Hey... Monet! Isn't  he great... the use of  color? I saw him once... through a hole  in this garden fence in Giverny. She  goes  into the adjoining walk-in wardrobe  closet.   He sees  her  go to the safe and start working the combination. He's fascinated. Should  I  be  expecting him  anytime soon? What is it?  A sapphire? Uh...  just  bend  your  left  leg  a little  and... and lower  your  head. Eyes to me.  That's it. Jack  starts to sketch.  He drops his pencil and she stifles a laugh. (sweating) He does landscapes. Pretty   tough  for  a  valet,   this fella. Kinda  like  we're doin' right  now-- uh oh! Lovejoy  has spotted them from a cross-corridor nearby.   He charges toward them.  Jack and Rose run around a corner into a  blind  alley.  There is one door, marked After you, m'lady. (shouting over the din) Carry on!  Don't mind us! They  run through the open watertight door into Where to, Miss? Are you nervous? I can feel your heart beating. She  hugs his head to her chest, and just holds on for  dear life. This is crazy. Looks okay.  I don't see anything. It  didn't seem like much of a  bump. I'm sure we're okay. Behind  them a couple of steerage guys are kicking  the  ice around the deck, laughing. (low, to her) It's bad. Now it's worse. Right. Jack follows Rose through the door inside the ship. This is horseshit. Don't you believe it, Rose.  Don't! They put it in my pocket! I was going to return it!  Rose-- Rose feels utterly betrayed, hurt and confused.  She shrinks away from him.  He starts shouting to her as Lovejoy and the Master  at Arms drag him out into the hall.  She can't  look him in the eye. Rose,  don't  listen  to  them...   I didn't  do this!  You know I  didn't! You know it! She is devastated.  Her mother lays a comforting hand on her shoulder as te tears well up. Shit. He  tries  to pull one hand out of the cuffs, working  until the skin is raw... no good. Help!!  Somebody!!  Can anybody  hear me?! (to himself) This could be bad. 181   That   guy  Lovejoy  put  it  in   my pocket. See  if you can find a key for these. Try those  drawers.  It's  a  little brass one. She  kisses his face and hugs him again, then starts  to  go through the desk. So...  how did you find out I  didn't do it? You have to go for help. I'll wait here. She  runs  out, looking back at him once from  the  doorway, then splashes away.  Jack looks down at the swirling water. We'll find out. They  are both terrified, but trying to keep panic  at  bay. He  positions the chain connecting the two cuffs, stretching it  taut across the steel pipe.  The chain is of course very short, and his exposed wrists are on either side of it. Try a couple practice swings. Rose hefts the axe and thunks it into a wooden cabinet. Now try to hit the same mark again. She swings hard and the blade thunks in four inches from the mark. Okay, that's enough practice. He  winces, bracing himself as she raises the axe.  She  has to hit a target about an inch wide with all the foce she can muster, with his hands on either side. (sounding calm) You  can do it, Rose.  Hit it as hard as you can, I trust you. Jack closes his eyes.  So does she. The  axe comes down.  Nice work, there, Paul Bunyan. He climbs down into the water next to her.  He can't breathe for a second. Shit!   Excuse my French.  Ow ow  ow, that is cold!  Come on, let's go.129. Too  deep.  We gotta find another way out. Fabrizio!  Fabri! Fabrizio  turns and sees Jack and Rose pushing  through  the crowd.  He and Jack hug like brothers. We  gotta get up there or we're gonna be gargling   saltwater.    Where's Tommy? Fabrizio  points over the heads of the solidly packed  crowd to the stairwell.133. Well, whatever we're goin' to do,  we better do it fast. Fabrizio  turns  to  Helga,  praying  he  can  make  himself understood. God damn it to Hell son of a bitch!! He  grabs  one  end of a bench bolted to the  floor  on  the landing.   He  starts pulling on it, and Tommy and  Fabrizio pitch  in  until the bolts shear and it breaks  free.   Rose figures  out  what they are doing and clears a path  up  the stairs between the waiting people. You better check out the other side. They  nod  and  run  off, searching for  a  way  around  the deckhouse.142. Get in the boat, Rose. Cal walks up just then. Go on.  I'll get the next one. (he smiles reassuringly) I'll be alright.  Hurry up so we  can get going... we got our own boat  to catch. Almost as good as you. No Rose!  Rose,  Rose, you're so stupid, you're such an idiot-- And  all the while he's kissing her and holding her as tight as he can. Right. Hockley  comes in and runs to the railing.  Looking down  he sees  them locked in their embrace.  Lovejoy comes up behind Cal  and  puts  a  restraining (whispering) Stay here. He moves off as-- Lovejoy  moves  over  one row and looks  along  the  tables. Nothing. The ship Compliments  of  the  Chippewa  Falls Dawsons. He  grabs  Lovejoy  and  slams him into  an  ornate  columb. Lovejoy drops to the floor with a splas, stunned.147. Let's go. Jack  and  Rose  run aft... uphill... entering  the  galley. Behind them the tables have become islands in a lake...  and the far end of the room is flooded up to the ceiling. Lovejoy  gets up and looks around for his gun.  He pulls  it up out of the water and wades after them. Come on. Charging  the  other  way down the flooding  corridor,  they blast  up spray with each footstep.  At the end of the  hall are  heavy  double doors.  As Jack approaches them  he  sees water spraying through the gap between the doors right up to the  ceiling.  The doors groan and start to crack under  the Back!  Go back!! Rose  pivots and runs back the way they came, taking a  turn into  a cross-corridor.  A Wait!   Wait!  Help us!   Unlock  the gate. The  steward  runs on.  The water wells up around  Jack  and Rose, pouring through the gate and slamming them against it. In seconds it is up to their waist. Come on!  Come on! Jack and Rose are right up against the ceiling... Suddenly  the gate gives and (to her) It's  going fast... we've got to keep moving. Andrews picks up his lifebelt and hands it to her. Okay... we keep moving aft.  We  have to stay  on  the  ship  as  long  as possible. They push their way aft through the panicking crowd. You   wanna  walk  a  little   faster through that valley, fella? Come  on, Rose.  We can't expect  God to do all the work for us. They struggle on, pushing through the praying people.  A We have to move! He  climbs  over the stern rail and reaches back  for  Rose. She is terrified to move.  He grabs her hand. Come on!  I've got you!162. (talking fast) Take  a deep breath and hold it right before  we  go into the  water.   The ship  will  suck us down.   Kick  for the surface and keep kicking.  Don't let  go of my hand.  We're gonna make it Rose. Swim, Rose!  Keep  swimming.  Keep  moving.   Come one, you can do it. All  about them there is a tremendous wailing, screaming and moaning... a chorus of tormented souls.  And beyond  that... nothing  but  black water stretching to  the  horizon.   The sense of isolation and hopelessness is overwhelming. Look  for  something floating.   Some debris... wood... anything. I  know.   I  know.  Help  me,  here. Look around. His  words keep her focused, taking her mind off the wailing around them.  Rose scans the water, panting, barely able  to draw a breath.  She turns and... It's  just  enough for  this  lady... you'll push it under. You'll  die quicker if you  come  any closer. The  boats  will come  back  for  us, Rose.   Hold on just a little longer. They  had to row away for the suction and now they'll be coming back.166. Just  a few more minutes.  It'll take them   a  while  to  get  the   boats organized... Rose  is  unmoving, just staring into space.  She knows  the truth.  There won't be any boats.  Behind Jack she sees that Officer  Wilde  has stopped moving.  He is  slumped  in  his I  don't know about you, but I intend to write a strongly worded letter to the White Star Line about all this.168. No...   don't  say  your   good-byes, Rose.   Don't you give up.  Don't  do it. You're  going to get out  of  this... you're  going  to go  on  and  you're going  to make babies and watch  them grow  and you're going to die an  old lady,  warm in your bed.   Not  here. Not this  night.  Do you  understand me? Rose,    listen   to   me.    Listen. Winning  that  ticket  was  the  best thing that ever happened to me. Jack is having trouble getting the breath to speak. It   brought  me  to  you.   And  I'm thankful, Rose.  I'm thankful. His  voice  is trembling with the cold which is working  tis way to his heart.  But his eyes are unwavering. You  must do me this honor... promise me you will survive... that you will never give  up...  no  matter   what happens... no matter how hopeless... promise me now, and never let  go  of that promise. Never let go.169.", "RMS TITANIC.": "The Titanic's whistle blows again.  Final warning.", "FABRIZIO": "What  sorry?  What you got?  You lose my money??  Ma va fa'n culo testa di cazzo-- Porca Madonna!!  You  see?  Is my destinio!!   Like  I told  you.   I go to l'America!!   To be a millionaire!! You know somebody? Goodbye!  I will never forget you!! I  can  see  the  Statue  of  Liberty already. (grinning at Jack) Very small... of course. No Italian?  Some little English? I  don't  know  hwat she's  say,  she don't  know  what I say,  so  we  get along fine. Tommy  walks  up with a pint for each of them.   Rose  chugs hers, showing off. Amore is'a not logical. Ma-- che cazzo! 152   The boats are all going. (with a lot of hand gestures) Everyone... all of you...  come  with me now.  We go to the boats.  We  go to the boats.  Capito?  Come now! They  can't understand what he's saying.  They can  see  his urgency, but Helga...   per  favore...   please... come  with  me, I am  lucky.   Is  my destiny to go to America. She kisses him, then steps back to be with her family.  Jack lays a hand on his shoulder, his eyes saying \"Let's go\". I will never forget you. He  turns  to  Jack,  who leads the way out  of  the  crowd. Looking  back  Fabrizio  sees her face  disappear  into  the crowd. You  don't... understand... I have... to get... to America.", "FABRIZIO/JACK": "", "FABRIZIO (CONT'D)": "(to pubkeeper) Capito?? I go to America!!", "PUBKEEPER": "No,  mate.   Titanic go  to  America. In five minutes. 'Course I'm sure if they knew it  was you lot comin', they'd be pleased  to wait!", "MOODY": "Have  you been through the inspection queue? (testy) Right, come aboard. Moody has Yes.  What do you see? Thankyou. (hangs up, calls to Murdoch) Iceberg right ahead! Murdoch  sees  it  and rushes to the engine room  telegraph. While   signaling   (standing behind Hitchins) Hard'a  starboard.  The helm is  hard over, sir.", "ROWE": "Gundersen.  And... (reading Fabrizio's) Gundersen. He  hands  the tickets back, eyeing Fabrizio's Mediterranean looks suspiciously. Here, what's all this?! Rowe  runs  up  and  pulls Jack off of Rose,  revealing  her dishevelled and sobbing on the deck.  Her dress is torn, and the  hem  is pushing up above her knees, showing one  ripped stocking.   He looks at Jack, the shaggy steerage  man  with his  jacket  off,  and  the  first  class  lady  clearly  in (to Jack) Here you, stand back!  Don't move  an inch! (to the seamen) Fetch the Master at Arms.", "GUNDERSEN.": "Jack  throws his kit on one open bunk, while Fabrizio  takes the other.", "BJORN": "(in Swedish/ subtitled) Where is Sven?", "TRUDY": "It  smells  so brand new.  Like  they built  it all just for us.  I mean... just  to think that tonight,  when  I crawl  between  the sheets,  Iill  be the first-- Cal appears in the doorway of the bedroom. (blushing at the innuendo) S'cuse me, Miss. She  edges around Cal and makes a quick exit.  Cal comes  up behind Rose and puts his hands on her shoulders.  An act  of possession, not intimacy.", "WOMAN": "Well, I wasn't about to wait all  day for you,  sonny.  Take 'em the  rest of  the way  if  you think  you  can manage. Why  have  the  engines  stopped?   I felt a shudder? We're just waiting, dear.  When  they fiish  putting First Class people  in the boats, they'll be startin'  with us,  and we'll want to be all  ready, won't we? Will  you hold the boat a moment?   I have  to  run  back to  my  room  for something-- Lightoller  grabs her and shoves her bodily into  the  boat. Thomas Andrews rushes up to him just then. Come back!  Please!  We know you  can hear us.  For God's sake!", "CAPTAIN SMITH": "Take   her  to  sea  Mister  Murdoch. Let's stretch her legs. Murdoch moves the engine telegraph lever to", "SMITH": "She's  got  a bone in her teeth  now, eh, Mr. Murdoch. Smith  accepts  a  cup of tea from No, but we're making excellent time. I  prefer  not  to push  the  engines until they've been properly run in. Thankyou, Sparks. Smith  glances at the message then nonchalantly puts  it  in his pocket.  He nods reassuringly to Rose and the group. Not  to worry, it's quite normal  for this  time  of year.80. Yes,  like a mill pond.  Not a breath of wind. Mmmmm.    Well,  I'm  off.   Maintain speed and heading, Mr. Lightoller. And  wake  me, of course, if anything becomes   in  the  slightest   degree doubtful. What was that, Mr. Murdoch?101. Close the emergency doors. Find  the  Carpenter and get  him  to sound the ship. A  five degree list in less than  ten minutes. We've struck ice. (glaring) Excuse me.104. Can you shore up? That's right. The pumps-- How much time? And how many aboard, Mr. Murdoch? I    believe   you   may   get   your headlines, Mr. Ismay. That's  right.   The  distress  call. And   she's   the  only   one   who's responding? Four hours! The enormity of it hits Smith like a sledgehammer blow. Thank you, Bride. He turns as Bride exits, and looks out onto the blackness. (to himself) My God. Come back!  Come back to the ship! The fools.", "ISMAY (V.O.)": "She  is  the  largest  moving  object ever  made by the hand of man in  all history...", "ISMAY": "...and  our  master shipbuilder,  Mr. Andrews  here, designed her from  the keel plates up. He  indicates a handsome 39 year old Irish gentlemen to  his right, Yes,  actually.  I wanted  to  convey sheer    size.    And   size    means stability, luxury... and safety-- So  you've  not  lit  the  last  four boilers then? (impatiently) Captain, the press knows the size  of Titanic,  let  them  marvel  at   her speed   too.   We  must   give   them something  new  to  print.   And  the maiden  voyage of Titnaic  must  make Of  course  I leave it to  your  good offices  to decide what's  best,  but what  a  glorious end  to  your  last crossing  if  we get  into  New  York Tuesday night and surprise them all. (Ismay slaps his hand on the He  knows  every rivet in her,  don't you Thomas? His  blood and soul are in the  ship. She may be mine on paper, but in the eyes  of God she belongs  to  Thomas Andrews. Why have we stopped? Well,  do  you  think  the  ship   is seriously damaged? When  can  we  get underway,  do  you think? Smith  glares  at  him and turns his attention  to  Andrews' drawing.  The builder points to it for emphasis as he talks. But this ship can't sink!109. There is no time to waste! (yelling and waving his arms) Lower   away!   Lower  away!    Lower away! Do you know who I am? Lowe, not having a clue nor caring, squares up to Ismay. (numbly, backing away) Yes, quite right.  Sorry.", "ANDREWS": "(disliking the attention) Well,   I   may   have  knocked   her together,  but  the  idea   was   Mr. Ismay's.  He envisioned a steamer  so grand  in scale, and so luxurious  in its appointments, that its supremacy would All three million of them. Thankyou, Rose. We see that Andrews has come under Rose's spell.69. The  next  stop on our tour  will  be bridge.  This way, please. About  half,  actually.   Rose,   you miss  nothing, do you?   In  fact,  I put in these new type davits,  which can take an extra row of boats here. (he gestures along the eck) But  it  was  thought...  by  some... Sleep  soundly, young Rose.   I  have built  you  a good ship,  strong  and true.   She's  all the  lifeboat  you need. As  they are passing Boat 7, a gentlemen turns from the rail and walks up behind the group.  It is Jack.81. Water  14 feet above the keel in  ten minutes... in the forepeak... in  all three  holds...  and in  boiler  room six. Five   compartments.   She  can  stay afloat    with   the    first    four compartments   breached.    But   not five.   Not  five.  As she goes  down by the  head  the water  will  spill over the tops of the bulkheads...  at E The   pumps   buy  you  time...   but minutes  only.  From this moment,  no matter  what  we  do,  Titanic   will founder. She  is  made of iron, sir.  I assure you,  she can.  And she will.  It  is a mathematical certainty. Smith looks like he has been gutpunched. An hour, two at most. Ismay reels as his dream turns into his worst nightmare. Turn  to  the right!  Pull the  falls taut  before you unchock.   Have  you never had a boat drill? Where are all the passengers? The ship will sink. Yes.    In  an  hour  or  so...   all this... will be at the bottom of  the Atlantic. Please  tell  only who  you  must,  I don't  want to be responsible  for  a panic.   And  get to a boat  quickly. Don't  wait.   You  remember  what  I told you about the boats? Anyone in here? Rose runs up to him, breathless. What?   You  have to get  to  a  boat right away! (beat) Take   the   elevator  to  the   very bottom,  go left, down the  crewman's passage, then make a right.123. Hurry, Rose. Why  are  the  boats  being  launched half full?! Lightoller steps past him, helping a seaman clear a  snarled fall.131. (pointing down at the water) There,  look... twenty  or  so  in  a boat  built  for sixty five.   And  I saw one   boat  with  only  twelve. Twelve! Rubbish!    They   were   tested   in Belfast  with the weight of  70  men. Now fill    these    boats,    Mr. Lightoller.  For God's sake, man! The  shot (a tear rolls down his cheek) I'm  sorry that I didn't build you  a stronger ship, young Rose. Good luck to you, Rose.", "MOLLY": "Why're   ships  always  bein'  called \"she\"?  Is it because men think  half the women around have big sterns and should be weighed in tonnage? (they all laugh) Just  another  example  of  the   men So,  you  gonna cut her meat for  her too there, Cal? (turning to Ismay) Hey,   who  came  up  with  the  name Titanic?  You, Bruce? She's  a  pistol, Cal.  You sure  you can handle her? Hello  girls, I was hoping I'd  catch you at tea. That  sounds  great.   Let's  go.   I need to catch up on the gossip. Ruth grits her teeth as the three of them head for the Grand Staircase  to go up.  Well,  Jack, it sounds like you're  a good  man to have around in a  sticky spot-- They  all jump as a Why   do   they  insist   on   always announcing   dinner   like   a   damn cavalry charge? Son,   do   you  have  the  slightest comprehension of what you're doing? Well,  you're about to  go  into  the snakepit.    I  hope  you're   ready. What are you planning to wear? Jack  looks down at his clothes.  Back up at her.  He hadn't thought about that. I figured. Don't  feel bad about it.  My husband still  can't  tie one of  these  damn things  after  20 years.   There  you go. She picks up a jacket off the bed and hands it to him.  Jack goes  into the bathroom to put it on.  Molly starts  picking up the stuff off the bed. I   gotta  buy  everything  in  three sizes  'cause I never know  how  much he's been eating while I'm away. She turns and sees him, though we don't. My,  my,  my... you shine up  like  a new penny. Ain't nothin' to it, is there, Jack? Remember,   the   only   thing   they respect  is money, so just  act  like you've got a lot of it and you're  in the club. As  they enter the swirling throng, Rose leans close to him, pointing out several notables. Well said, Jack. Hey,   can  I  get  some  ice   here, please? Silently, a moving wall of ice fills the window behind  her. She doesn't see it.  It disappears astern. What's  doing, sonny?  You've got  us all trussed up and now we're cooling our heels. The  young  steward backs away, actually  stumbling  on  the stairs. Come  on, you heard the man.  Get  in the boat, sister. Come  on,  Ruth,  get  in  the  boat. These   are  the  first  class  seats right up here.  That's it. Molly  practically hands her over to Lightoller, then  looks around for some other women who might need a push. Come    on,   Rose.    You're   next, darlin'. Rose steps back, shaking her head. Stuff  a sock in it, would ya,  Ruth. She'll be along. The boat lurches downward as the falls are paid out.121. Ain't  you  boys ever  rowed  before? Here,  gimme those oars.   I'll  show ya how it's done. She  climbs  over Ruth to get at the oars, stepping  on  her feet. Around  them the evacuation is in full swing, with boats  in Come  on  girls, join in, it'll  keep ya warm.   Let's go Ruth.   Grab  an oar! Ruth  just  stares at the spectacle of the great liner,  its rows  of lights blazing, slanting down into the sullen black mirror of the Atlanic. Now  there's somethin' you don't  see every day. We  got room for lots more.  I say we go back. Aw  knock  it  off, yer  scarin'  me. Come   on  girls,  grab  your   oars. Let's go. (nobody moves) Well come on! The  women  won't  meet her eyes.  They  huddle  into  their I  don't  understand a  one  of  you. What's  the  matter with  you?   It's your  men back there!  We got  plenty a' room for more.", "TOMMY": "That's  typical.   First  class  dogs come down here to take a shit. Jack looks up from his sketch. Like we could forget. Jack glances across the well deck.  At the aft railing of  B deck promenade stands Forget it, boyo.  You'd as like  have angels  fly  out o' yer arse  as  get next to the likes o' her. You stupid bastard!! Bjorn  comes around, his fists coming up... and  Jack  leaps into the middle of it, pushing them apart. She's  a goddess amongst mortal  men, there's  no  denyin'.  But  she's  in another  world, Jackie,  forget  her. She's closed the door.79. He's not bein' logical, I tell ya. If  this  is the direction  the  rats were  runnin', it's good  enough  for me. For  the love of God, man, there  are children  down here!  Let us  up,  so we can have a chance! But the crewmen are scared now.  They have let the situation get  out  of hand, and now they have a mob.  Tommy gives  up and  pushes his way back through the crowd, going  down  the It's hopeless that way. Music  to  drown by.  Now I know  I'm in First Class. Give  us a chance to live, you  limey bastards! Murdoch fires his Webley twice in the air, then point it  at the crowd.", "\"TITANIC\".": "She  leans  out,  her  arms  straightening...  looking  down hypnotized, into the vortex below her.  Her dress  and  hair are  lifted  by the wind of the ship's movement.39.", "GRACIE": "(shaking his head) Women and machinery do not mix. (low) Ah... perhaps a little something  for the boy? Cal's  a lucky man.  I know him well, and it can only be luck. Ruth  steps  over, hearing the last.  She takes  Cal's  arm, somewhat coquettishly.65. All life is a game of luck. (rising) Well,   join   me   for   a   brandy, gentlemen? Joining  us, Dawson?  You don't  want to stay out here with the women,  do you? Actually he does, but... (staring at her bedraggled state) Yes,   miss...  there  are  still   a couple  of boats all the way forward. This way, I'll lead you! Jack  grabs her hand and they sprint past Gracie, with Tommy", "COLONEL GRACIE": "Well!   The boy's a hero then.   Good for you son, well done! (to Cal) So  it's all's well and back  to  our brandy, eh? Jack is uncuffed.  Cal gets Rose to her feet and moving. (raising his glass) Here, here. Rose raises her glass, looking at Jack. We're  going like hell I tel you.   I have  fifty dollars that says we make it into New York Tuesday night! Cal  looks  at  his  gold  pocket  watch,  and  scowls,  not listening.", "TRANSITION": "", "OLD ROSE": "After   all  these  years,  feel   it closing around my throat like  a  dog collar. My   heart  was  pounding  the  whole time.   It was the most erotic moment of my life... up till then at least. (smiling) You mean, did we \"do it\"? Fifteen hundred people went into  the sea when Titanic sank from under us. There were  twenty  boats  floating nearby and only one came back.   One. Six   were saved  from  the   water, myself included.  Six out of fifteen hundred. Afterward,  the seven hundred  people in the  boats had nothing to do  but waith...  wait to die, wait to  live, wait  for  an absolution which  would never come. No,  there wouldn't be, would  there? And I've  never spoken of him  until now, not to anyone. (to Lizzy) Not   even   your   grandfather.    A woman's  heart  is a  deep  ocean  of", "BROCK": "Bobby, buy me time.  I need time. Well   you  tell  the  hand  I   need another  two  days!   Bobby,   Bobby, Bobby...  we're close!  I  smell  it. I smell  ice.  She had  the  diamond on... now we just have to  find  out where  it wound up.   I  just  gotta work her a bit Hey,  Lizzy.  I need to talk  to  you for a second. Look,  I'm  running out of  time.   I need your help. (with undisguised desperation) Lizzy...    you   gotta    understand something.  I've bet it all  to  find the Heart  of the Ocean.   I've  got all  my dough tied up in this thing. My  wife even divorced me over  this hunt.49. That's  the shape my hand's gonna  be when   I   hold  that   thing.    You understand?   I'm  not  leaving  here without it. So  we're up to dusk on the night  of the sinking.  Six hours to go. 26   years   of  experience   working against  him.   He  figures  anything big enough to sink the ship  they're going to  see in time to turn.   But the ship's too big, with too small  a rudder...   it can't  corner   worth shit.  Everything", "LIZZY (CONT'D)": "one  year  old grandmother.   I  came down here to tell you to back off.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "    ", "HELGA": "No, no.  Norwegian.  Only. Helga's eye is caught by something.  Fabrizio looks, does  a take... and Jack, curious, follows their gaze to see...51.", "MARVIN": "You're  sad.   Sad, sad, sad.  You've left  your  lover on the shore.   You may never see him agian.  Try to  be sadder, darling. You're  afraid, darling.   Scared  to death.  That's it! Either she suddenly learned to act or she is petrified.", "STEWARD": "Good evening, sir. Jack  plays  the  role smoothly.  Nods with just  the  right degree of disdain. Look, you, you're not supposed to  be in here. Yes sir! (to Jack) Come along you. Got yer! I'm  sorry  about the  inconvenience, Mr. Hockley,  but  it's   Captain's orders. Please dress  warmly,  it's quite cold tonight. (he hands a lifebelt to Rose) Not  to  worry, miss, I'm  sure  it's Stay  calm, please. It's not time  to go up to the boats yet. Near  Tommy, an Come   on,   then,  let's   get   you topside, miss, that's right. No   need  for  panic,  miss.    Come along! To Hell with you! Here  you!   You'll have to  pay  for that,  you  know.  That's White  Star Line property-- Go   to  the  main  stairwell,   with everyone else.  It'll all get  sorted out there. Jack takes one look at this scene and finally just loses it. Fucking 'ell! He  runs back, slogging against the curretn.  He pulls a key ring  from  his belt and struggles to unlock the padlock  as the water fountains up around them.149.", "SIR COSMO": "Hockley, she is splendid. It's out of the question. The crewmembers, intimidated by a nobleman, acquiesce.  They hunch guiltily, hoping the sound will stop soon.", "ASTOR": "(shaking his hand) Good  to meet you Jack.  Are  you  of the Boston Dawsons?", "Rose:": "", "MADELEINE": "It's  a  pity we're both spoken  for, isn't it?", "GUGGENHEIM": "(low to Madame Aubert) What   is  Hockly  hoping  to  prove, bringing   this...   bohemian...   up here? We  have dressed in our best and  are prepared to go down like gentlemen.", "WAITER": "(to Jack) How do you take your caviar, sir?", "JACK/ROSE": "Come Josephine in my flying machine And it's up she goes!  Up she goes! In  the air she goes.  Where?   There she goes!73.", "MCCAULEY": "The  electric horse is very  popular. We even have an electric camel. (to Ruth) Care  to try your hand at the rowing, m'am?", "BRIDE": "Another  ice warning, sir.  This  one from the \"Baltic\". Look  at  this  one,  he  wants   his private  train to meet him.   La  dee da. (slaps them down) We'll be up all bloody night on  this lot. Phillips start to receive an incoming message from a  nearby Maybe  you  ought  to  try  that  new distress call... Carpathia  says  they're  making   17 knots, full steam for them, sir. The  only  one close, sir.  She  says they can be here in four hours.", "LIGHTOLLER": "Did  we  ever  find those  binoculars for the lookouts? I  don't think I've ever seen such  a flat calm, in 24 years at sea. It's  make the bergs harder  to  see, with no breaking water at the base. Yes sir. Hadn't  we  better get the women  and children into the boats, sir? Smith just nods, a bit abstractly.  The fire has gone out of him.  Lightoller sees the awesome truth in Smith's face. (to the men) Right!   Start  the  loading.   Women and children! The  appalling  din  of escaping steam  abruptly  cuts  off, leaving  a  sudden  unearthly silence in which  Lightoller's voice echoes. Ladies, please.  Step into the boat. Finally  one  soman  steps across the gap,  into  the  boat, terrified of the drop to the water far below. Women and children only!  Sorry  sir, no men yet. Another   rocket  bursts  overhead,  lighting   the   crowd. Startled faces turn upward.  Fear now in the eyes. Lower away!! Not now, Mr. Andrews. Well...  we  were  not  sure  of  the weight-- Lower away!! Get back!  Keep order! The men back down.  Fifth Officer Lowe standing in the boat, yells to the crew. Women  and  children, please.   Women and children only.  Step back, sir. Even  with Jack's arms wrapped around her, Rose is shivering in  the  cold.   Near her a Quickly,   ladies.   Step  into   the boat.  Hurry, please! Lower away! The two men watch at the rail as the boat begins to descend. Hold it!  Hold it!150.", "FLEET": "Wish    I    had    those    bleedin' binoculars. 101   You  can  smell ice, you  know,  when it's near. Well I can. Cor... look at that, would ya. Well  if that's what it takes for  us two to get warm, I'd rather not,  if it's all the same. They  both have a good laugh at that one.  It is Fleet whose expression falls first.  Glancing forward again, he  does  a double take.  The color drains out of his face. Bugger me!! Fleet  reaches  past  Lee and rings the lookout  bell  three times,  then  grabs the telephone, calling the  bridge.   He waits  precious seconds for it to be picket up, never taking his eyes off the black mass ahead. Pick up, ya bastard. Iceberg right ahead!98. Oy, mate... that was a close shave.", "TRANSITION:": "", "PHILLIPS": "Christ!   It's  that  idiot  on   the Californian. Cursing, Phillips furiously keys a rebuke.  Blimey.", "EVANS": "Stupid  bastard.  I try to  warn  him about  the  ice, and  he  says  \"Keep out.   Shut  up.   I'm  working  Cape Race.\" \"No   seasickness.   Poker   business good.   Al\".  Well that's it for  me. I'm shutting down. As Evans wearily switches off his generator, Groves goes out on  deck.  ", "GROVES": "Now what's he sending?", "LEE": "Bollocks. They're  a  bloody sight warmer  than we are. Smell   ice,   can   you?    Bleedin' Christ!", "FLEET (V.O.)": "Is someone there?", "MURDOCH": "Hard a' starboard. Hard a 'port! Judging the berg to be amidships, he is trying to clear  the stern. 143   (stiffly, to Moody) Note the time.  Enter it in the log. Captain  Smith  rushes  out of his cabin  onto  the  bridge, tucking in his shirt. An  iceberg, sir.  I put her hard  a' starboard  and run the  engines  full astern,  but  it was  too  close.   I tried  to  port around  it,  but  she hi... and The doors are closed. Together they rush out onto the starboard wing, and  Murdoch points.   Smith  looks into the darkness  aft,  then  wheels around to Two   thousand   two  hundred   souls aboard, sir. A long beat.  Smith turns to his employer. They've  all  gone back inside.   Too damn cold and noisy for them. Andrews  feels like he is in a bad dream.  He looks  at  his pocketwatch and heads for the foyer entrance. (nodding curtly) As you've said. Cal,  satisfied, steps back.  He finds himself waiting  next to  Women  and children?  Any more  women and children? (glancing at Cal) Any one else, then? Cal looks longingly at his boat... his moment has arrived. (staring at Ismay) Take them down. I'll  shoot any man who tries to  get past me. Cal steps up to him. Get back! A man next to Tommy rushes forward, and Tommy is shoved from behind.   Murdoch ", "CUTS:": "132  ", "BELL": "Full astern!  That's it, lads.  Get the hell up! They scramble up the escape ladders.", "BARRETT": "Shut all dampers!  Shut 'em!! 134   Go Lads!  Go!  Go! He  dives  through into Boiler Room 5 just before  the  door rumbles down with a", "TOMMMY": "Cor!!  What in hell--?! He naps on the light.  The floor is covered with 3 inches of freezing water, and more coming in.  He pulls the door open, and steps out into the corridor, which is flooded.  Fabrizio is  running toward him, yelling something in Italian.  Tommy and  Fabrizio start pounding on doors, getting everybody  up", "STEWARD BARNES": "There's  no cause for alarm.  Please, go back to your rooms. He is stopped in his tracks by Cal and Lovejoy. Please, sir.  There's no emergency-- Is this it? Rose is stunned.  Needless to say, so is Jack. Sir,  I've  been told to ask  you  to please  put  on  your  lifebelt,  and come up to the boat deck.", "HUTCHINSON": "She's  making  water fast...  in  the forepeak tank and the forward  holds, in boiler room six. Not unless the pumps get ahead. The inspection party goes down the stairs to the well deck.105.", "GENTLEMAN": "I  guess  it's  nothing too  serious. I'm going back to my cabin to read. A  20ish ", "YALEY": "Say, did I miss the fun? Rose  and  Jack come up the steps from the well deck,  which are  right next to the three men.  They stare as the  couple climbs over the locked gate. A  moment later Captain Smith rounds the corner, followed by Andrews and Carpenter Hutchinson.  They have come down  from", "SEAMAN": "No  sir!   Not with these new davits, sir. He  looks  around, disguisted as the crew  fumble  with  the davits,  and  the tackle for the \"falls\"...110.", "YOUNG STEWARD": "Sorry, mum. Let me go and find out. The  jumpy piano rhythm of \"Alexander's Ragtime Band\"  comes out of the first class lounge a few yards away.  Band leader", "CREWMAN": "You're  wanted  by the  Purser,  sir. Urgently.", "HARTLEY": "Number 26.  Ready and-- The  band  has  reassembled just  outside  the  First  Class Entrance,  port side, near where Lightoller is  calling  for the  boats to be loaded.  They strike up a waltz, lively and elegant.  The music wafts all over the ship. Right, that's it then. They  leave  him, walking forward along the  deck.   Hartley puts  his  violin to his chin and bows the  first  notes  of \"Nearer My God to Thee\".  One by one the band memebers turn, hearing the lonely melody. Without  a  word they walk back and take their places.  They Gentlemen,  it has been  a  previlege playing with you tonight.", "LITTLE BOY": "What are we doing, mummy?117.", "LOWE": "Get out of the way, you fool! You're  a  passenger.   And   I'm   a ship's  bloody officer.  Now do  what you're told! Lower away left and right! Lightoller  turns  away from the crowd  and,  out  of  their sight,  breaks his pistol open.  Letting out a long  breath, he starts to Stay back you lot! Right, man the oars. (the worst moment of his life) We waited too long. (turning the tiller) Row back!  That way!  Pull! Rose  keeps blowing as the boat comes to her.  She is  still blowing  when Lowe takes the whistle from her mouth as  they haul  her into the boat.  She slips into uncosciousness  and they scramble to cover her with blankets...", "LOWE (CONT'D)": "(turning away) Steady men!  Stand by the falls!", "HITCHINS": "Keep  pulling... away from the  ship. Pull. The  suction will pull us right  down if we don't keep going. No!   It's our lives now, not theirs. And I'm in charge of this boat!  Now row!! 209  They'll  pull us right  down  I  tell ya! If  you  don't shut that hole in  yer face,  there'll be one less  in  this boat! Ruth keeps her ears covered and her eyes closed, shutting it all out.167.", "OPERATOR": "Sorry, miss, lifts are closed-- Without thinking she grabs him and shoves him back into  the lift.", "LUCILE": "I  despise small boats.  I just  know I'm going to be seasick.   I  always get seasick  in small  boats.   Good Heavens, there's a man down there. In  a lit porthole beneath the surface she sees Jack looking up at her... a face in a bubble of light under the water.", "IRISHWOMAN": "Here, lass, cover yerself. Jack  rubs  her arms and tries to warm her up as  they  walk along.  The woman's husband offers them a flask of whiskey.", "IRISHMAN": "This'll take the chill off. Rose takes a mighty belt and hands it to Jack.  He grins and follows  suit.  Jack tries a number of", "ISADOR STRAUSS.": "", "ISADOR": "Please, Ida, get into the boat.132.", "IDA": "No.   We've  been together for  forty years, and where", "IDA (CONT'D)": "you  go, I go.  Don't argue with  me, Isador, you know it does no good. He  looks at her with sadness and great love.  They  embrace gently.", "CARDPLAYER": "It  seems we've been dealt a bad hand this time.", "HUSBAND": "Goodbye  for  a little while...  only for a little while. (to his two little girls) Go with mummy. The woman stumbles to the boat with the children, hiding her tears  from them.  Beneath the false good cheer, the man  is Hold  mummy's  hand  and  be  a  good girl.  That's right. Some  of  the  women  are stoic, others are  overwhelmed  by emotion  and  have  to  be helped into  the  boats.   A ", "PURSER MCELROY": "(calling above the confusion) Any more women or children?!", "JOUGHIN": "Sorry, miss! Hundreds  of people are already on the poop deck,  and  more are  pouring up every second.  Jack and Rose cling  together as tehy struggle across the tilting deck. 257   As  the  bow goes down, the (nodding a greeting) Helluva night. The  final  relentless plunge begins as  the  stern  section floods.   Looking down a hundred feet to the water, we  drop like an elevator with Jack and Rose.", "FATHER BYLES": "...and  I saw new heavens and  a  new earth.   The former heavens  and  the former earth had passed away and  the sea was no longer. The  lights flicker, threatening to go out.  Rose grips Jack as the stern rises into a night sky ablaze with stars. I  also saw a new Jerusalem, the holy city  coming down out of heaven  from God,  beautiful  as a bride  prepared to meet her husband.  I heard a loud voice from the throne ring out  this is  God's dwelling  among  men.   He shall  dwell He  shall wipe every tear from  their eyes.   And  there shall be  no  more death  or  mourning,  crying  out  or pain,   for  the  former  world   has passed away.", "MOTHER": "Shhh.   Don't  cry.   It'll  be  over soon,  darling.  It'll  all  be  over soon.", "MOLLY BROWN": "God Almighty. The great liner's lights flicker.", "SEVERAL PEOPLE": "We're saved! Jack looks at Rose and shakes his head, grimly. Now  the  horrible mechanics play out.  Pulled down  by  the awesome  weight of the flooded bow, the buoyant stern  tilts up  rapidly.   They feel the", "FIREMAN HENDRICKSON": "We should do something. Lucile  squeezes Cosmo's hand and pleads him with her  eyes. She is terrified.", "CARPATHIA STEWARD": "You  won't  find any of  your  people back here, sir.  It's all steerage. Cal ignores him and goes amongst this wrecked group, looking under shawls and blankets at one bleak face after another. Rose  is  sipping  hot tea.  Her eyes focus  on  him  as  he * approaches her.  He barely recognizes her.  She looks like a *", "ROSE *": "Yes, I lived.  How awkward for you. * Please  don't.   Don't  talk.    Just * listen.   We will make a deal,  since * that  is  something  you  understand. * From  this  moment you do  not  exist for * me,  nor I for you.   You  shall not  see * me again.  And you will  not attempt  to * Is this in any way unclear? * Tell  her that her daughter died with the * Titanic. *175. Jewels  are  precious.  Goodbye,  Mr. * Hockley. * We see that in his way, the only way he knows, he does truly * love her. * After a moment, he turns and walks away. * Don't come any closer. * The  hardest  part  about  being   so * poor,  was being so rich.  But  every * time  I  though  of  selling  it,   I * though  of Cal.  And somehow I always got * by without his help. * She holds it out over the water.  Bodine and a couple of the * I  have.  I came all the way here  so * this could go back where it belongs. * The  massive diamond glitters.  Brock edges closer and holds * out his hand... * You  look for treasures in the  wrong * place,  Mr.  Lovett.   Only  life  is * priceless,   and  making   each   day * count. * His  fingers relax.  He opens them slowly.  Gently she slips * the diamond out of his hand.  He feels it sliding away. *180.", "CAL *": "Rose...  your mother and I have  been * looking for you-- * She holds up her hand, stopping him. * (after a long beat) * What do I tell your mother? * You're precious to me, Rose. *", "IMMIGRATION OFFICER": "Name?176.", "YURI": "Mir One returning to surface. The  sub  rises off the deck of the wreck, taking its  light with  it,  leaving the Titanic once again it  its  fine  and private darkness.", "LIZZY *": "I'm sorry. * Grandma, wait!!  Don't-- *", "LOVETT *": "We  were  pissin'  in  the  wind  the * whole time. * Lovett notices a figure move through the lights far down  at * the stern of the ship. * Oh shit. * You had it the entire time?! * Don't drop it Rose. *179. (to Bodine) * It's hers, you schmuck. * (to her) * Look,  Rose, Just  let  me  hold it  in  my  hand, * Rose.  Please.  Just once. * He  comes  closer to her.  It is reminiscent of Jack  slowly * moving up to her at the stern of Titanic. * Surprisingly,  she calmly places the massice  stone  in  the * palm  of  his  hand, while still holding onto the  necklace. * My God. * His grip tightens on the diamond. * He  looks  up,  meeting  her gaze.  Her  eyes  are  suddenly * infinitely wise and deep. * Would you like to dance? * Lizzy grins at him and nods.  Rose smiles.  She looks up  at * the stars. 308  ", "BODINE *": "Holy shit. * (a fierce whisper) * Rush her. * Aww!!  That really sucks, lady! * Brock Lovett goes through ten changes before he settles on a * reaction... ", "pictures:": "Rose  as  a  young  actress  in  California,  radiant...   a theatrically  lit  studio publicity  shot...  Rose  and  her husband, with their two children... Rose with her son at his college   graduation...   Rose   with   her   children   and grandchildren at her 70th birthday.  A collage of images  of a life lived well.", "BLACKNESS": "310  "}, "titanic.php": {"CUT TO:": "", "ANATOLY": "Is just your guilt because of estealing from the dead.", "BODINE": "Aww!! That really sucks, lady! Brock Lovett goes through ten changes before he settles on a reaction...", "LOVETT": "Would you like to dance? Lizzy grins at him and nods. Rose smiles. She looks up at the stars. 308", "LOVETT (V.O.)": "I'd rather show you than tell you, and we think we're very close to doing just that. The old woman's name is", "BODINE (V.O.)": "Walkin' the dog.", "something eerie:": "porcelain head of a doll. Snoop enters a corridor which is much better preserved. Here and there a door still hangs on its rusted hinges. An ornate piece of molding, a wall sconce... hint at the grandeur of the past. 13", "CAMERAMAN": "Rolling. Brock nods to his technicians, and they set about drilling the safe's hinges. During this operation, Brock amps the suspense, working the lens to fill the time.", "BUELL": "We're running thirty thousand a day, and we're six days over. I'm telling you what they're telling me. The hand is on the plug. It's starting to pull.", "ANNOUNCER": "Treasure hunter Brock Lovett is best known for finding Spanish gold in sunken galleons in the Caribbean. Now he is using deep submergence technology to work two and a half miles down at another famous wreck... the Titanic. He is with us live via satellite from a Russian research ship in the middle of the Atlantic... hello Brock?", "ROSE": "I have. I came all the way here so this could go back where it belongs. The massive diamond glitters. Brock edges closer and holds out his hand...", "REPORTER (V.O.)": "Your expedition is at the center of a storm of controversy over salvage rights and even ethics. Many are calling you a grave robber.", "LIZZY": "Grandma, wait!! Don't--", "(MORE)": "", "LOVETT (CONT'D)": "(to Rose) And that makes you my new best friend. I will happily compensate you for anything you can tell us that will lead to its recovery.", "MATCH DISSOLVE:": "34", "CAL": "You're precious to me, Rose.", "RUTH": "Rose!", "PORTER": "Sir, you'll have to check your baggage through the main terminal, round that way-- Cal nonchalantly hands the man a fiver. The porter's eyes dilate. Five pounds was a monster tip in those days.", "CAL (CONT'D)": "(to McElroy) Please... I'm all she has in the world. McElroy nods curtly and pushes him into the boat. He spins with his gun, brandishing it in the air to keep the other men back. Cal gets into the boat, holding the little girl. He takes a seat with the women.", "LOVEJOY": "What could possible be funny?", "DANIEL": "Look up at the ship, darling, that's it. You're amazed! You can't believe how big it is! Like a mountain. That's great. Mary Marvin, without an acting fiber in her body, does a bad Clara Bow pantomime of awe, hands raised. Cal is jostled by two yelling steerage boys who shove past him. And he is bumped again a second later by the boys' father.", "MAN": "Please... help us. Save one life!", "OLAF": "(subtitled) You stupid fishhead. I can't believe you bet our tickets.", "SVEN": "(subtitled) You lost our money. I'm just trying to get it back. Now shutup and take a card.", "JACK": "Never let go.", "FABRIZIO": "You don't... understand... I have... to get... to America.", "FABRIZIO/JACK": "", "FABRIZIO (CONT'D)": "(to pubkeeper) Capito?? I go to America!!", "PUBKEEPER": "'Course I'm sure if they knew it was you lot comin', they'd be pleased to wait!", "MOODY": "(standing behind Hitchins) Hard'a starboard. The helm is hard over, sir.", "ROWE": "(to Jack) Here you, stand back! Don't move an inch! (to the seamen) Fetch the Master at Arms.", "BJORN": "(in Swedish/ subtitled) Where is Sven?", "TRUDY": "(blushing at the innuendo) S'cuse me, Miss. She edges around Cal and makes a quick exit. Cal comes up behind Rose and puts his hands on her shoulders. An act of possession, not intimacy.", "WOMAN": "Come back! Please! We know you can hear us. For God's sake!", "WILLIAM MURDOCH.": "", "CAPTAIN SMITH": "Take her to sea Mister Murdoch. Let's stretch her legs. Murdoch moves the engine telegraph lever to", "SMITH": "The fools.", "ISMAY": "(numbly, backing away) Yes, quite right. Sorry.", "ANDREWS": "Good luck to you, Rose.", "MOLLY": "I don't understand a one of you. What's the matter with you? It's your men back there! We got plenty a' room for more.", "TOMMY": "Give us a chance to live, you limey bastards! Murdoch fires his Webley twice in the air, then point it at the crowd.", "GRACIE": "(staring at her bedraggled state) Yes, miss... there are still a couple of boats all the way forward. This way, I'll lead you! Jack grabs her hand and they sprint past Gracie, with Tommy and Fabrizio close behind.", "COLONEL GRACIE": "We're going like hell I tel you. I have fifty dollars that says we make it into New York Tuesday night! Cal looks at his gold pocket watch, and scowls, not listening.", "TRANSITION": "68", "OLD ROSE": "No, there wouldn't be, would there? And I've never spoken of him until now, not to anyone. (to Lizzy) Not even your grandfather. A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets. But now you all know there was a man named Jack Dawson, and that he saved me, in every way that a person can be saved.", "BROCK": "26 years of experience working against him. He figures anything big enough to sink the ship they're going to see in time to turn. But the ship's too big, with too small a rudder... it can't corner worth shit. Everything he knows is wrong.", "LIZZY (CONT'D)": "one year old grandmother. I came down here to tell you to back off.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "299", "HELGA": "No, no. Norwegian. Only. Helga's eye is caught by something. Fabrizio looks, does a take... and Jack, curious, follows their gaze to see... Rose, coming toward them. The activity in the room stops... a hush falls. Rose feels suddenly self-conscious as the steerage passengers stare openly at this princess, some with resentment, others with awe. She spots Jack and", "MARVIN": "You're afraid, darling. Scared to death. That's it! Either she suddenly learned to act or she is petrified.", "STEWARD": "Fucking 'ell! He runs back, slogging against the curretn. He pulls a key ring from his belt and struggles to unlock the padlock as the water fountains up around them. The lights short out and the landing is plunged into darkness. The water rises over the lock and he's doing it by feel.", "SIR COSMO": "It's out of the question. The crewmembers, intimidated by a nobleman, acquiesce. They hunch guiltily, hoping the sound will stop soon.", "ASTOR": "(shaking his hand) Good to meet you Jack. Are you of the Boston Dawsons?", "MADELEINE": "It's a pity we're both spoken for, isn't it?", "WIDER:": "Cal and Thomas Andrews. Also at the table are Molly Brown, Ismay, Colonel Gracie, the Countess, Guggenheim, Madame Aubert, and the Astors.", "GUGGENHEIM": "We have dressed in our best and are prepared to go down like gentlemen.", "WAITER": "(to Jack) How do you take your caviar, sir?", "INSERT:": "Ruth, scowling, watches him walk away across the enormous room. Rose surreptitiously opens the note below table level. It", "JACK/ROSE": "Come Josephine in my flying machine And it's up she goes! Up she goes! In the air she goes. Where? There she goes! They fumble the words and break down laughing. They have reached the First Page 53/132", "ROSE (CONT'D)": "with the White Star Line, I suggest you escort these good people to the boat deck... now. Class wins out. He nods dumbly motions form them to follow.", "MCCAULEY": "The electric horse is very popular. We even have an electric camel. (to Ruth) Care to try your hand at the rowing, m'am?", "BRIDE": "The only one close, sir. She says they can be here in four hours.", "LIGHTOLLER": "Hold it! Hold it! The weight of the boat snaps the oars and it crashes to the deck, upside Page 108/132", "FLEET": "Oy, mate... that was a close shave.", "TRANSITION:": "106", "PHILLIPS": "Blimey.", "GROVES.": "", "EVANS": "\"No seasickness. Poker business good. Al\". Well that's it for me. I'm shutting down. As Evans wearily switches off his generator, Groves goes out on deck.", "GROVES": "Now what's he sending?", "FRAME--": "", "LEE": "Smell ice, can you? Bleedin' Christ!", "REVERSE:": "", "FLEET'S POV:": "", "FLEET (V.O.)": "Is someone there?", "MURDOCH": "Get back! A man next to Tommy rushes forward, and Tommy is shoved from behind. Murdoch", "BELL": "That's it, lads. Get the hell up! They scramble up the escape ladders.", "BARRETT": "Go Lads! Go! Go! He dives through into Boiler Room 5 just before the door rumbles down with Page 72/132", "I--": "", "TOMMMY": "Cor!! What in hell--?! He naps on the light. The floor is covered with 3 inches of freezing water, and more coming in. He pulls the door open, and steps out into the corridor, which is flooded. Fabrizio is running toward him, yelling something in Italian. Tommy and Fabrizio start pounding on doors, getting everybody up and out. The alarm spreads in several languages.", "STEWARD BARNES": "Sir, I've been told to ask you to please put on your lifebelt, and come up to the boat deck.", "HUTCHINSON": "Not unless the pumps get ahead. The inspection party goes down the stairs to the well deck.", "GENTLEMAN": "I guess it's nothing too serious. I'm going back to my cabin to read. A 20ish", "YALEY": "Say, did I miss the fun? Rose and Jack come up the steps from the well deck, which are right next to the three men. They stare as the couple climbs over the locked gate. A moment later Captain Smith rounds the corner, followed by Andrews and Carpenter Hutchinson. They have come down from the bridge by the outside stairs. The three men, their faces grim, crush right past Jack and Rose.", "FLASHBACK:": "Jack's eyes as he stands behind her, watching.", "SEAMAN": "No sir! Not with these new davits, sir. He looks around, disguisted as the crew fumble with the davits, and the tackle for the \"falls\"... the ropes which are used to lower the boats. A few passengers are coming out on deck, hesitantly in the noise and bitter cold.", "YOUNG STEWARD.": "", "YOUNG STEWARD": "Sorry, mum. Let me go and find out. The jumpy piano rhythm of \"Alexander's Ragtime Band\" comes out of the first class lounge a few yards away. Band leader", "CREWMAN": "You're wanted by the Purser, sir. Urgently.", "HARTLEY": "Gentlemen, it has been a previlege playing with you tonight.", "LITTLE BOY": "What are we doing, mummy?", "LOWE": "(turning the tiller) Row back! That way! Pull! Rose keeps blowing as the boat comes to her. She is still blowing when Lowe takes the whistle from her mouth as they haul her into the boat. She slips into uncosciousness and they scramble to cover her with blankets...", "LOWE (CONT'D)": "(turning away) Steady men! Stand by the falls!", "HITCHINS": "If you don't shut that hole in yer face, there'll be one less in this boat! Ruth keeps her ears covered and her eyes closed, shutting it all out. 287", "OPERATOR": "Sorry, miss, lifts are closed-- Without thinking she grabs him and shoves him back into the lift.", "LUCILE": "I despise small boats. I just know I'm going to be seasick. I always get seasick in small boats. Good Heavens, there's a man down there. In a lit porthole beneath the surface she sees Jack looking up at her... a face in a bubble of light under the water.", "IRISHWOMAN": "Here, lass, cover yerself. Jack rubs her arms and tries to warm her up as they walk along. The woman's husband offers them a flask of whiskey.", "IRISHMAN": "This'll take the chill off. Rose takes a mighty belt and hands it to Jack. He grins and follows suit. Jack tries a number of", "ISADOR": "Please, Ida, get into the boat.", "IDA": "No. We've been together for forty years, and where", "IDA (CONT'D)": "you go, I go. Don't argue with me, Isador, you know it does no good. He looks at her with sadness and great love. They embrace gently.", "CARDPLAYER": "It seems we've been dealt a bad hand this time.", "NOTE:": "including two which are stored on the roof of the officer's quarters. The crowd is sparse, with most people still aft. Cal slips his hand out of hte pocket of his overcoat and into the waist pocket of Murdoch's greatcoat, leaving the stacks of bills there.", "HUSBAND": "Hold mummy's hand and be a good girl. That's right. Some of the women are stoic, others are overwhelmed by emotion and have to be helped into the boats. A", "CAL'S POV:": "the alcove. She looks up at Cal beseechingly. Cal moves on without a glance back... reaching a large crowd clustered around", "PURSER MCELROY": "(calling above the confusion) Any more women or children?!", "JOUGHIN": "(nodding a greeting) Helluva night. The final relentless plunge begins as the stern section floods. Looking down a hundred feet to the water, we drop like an elevator with Jack and Rose.", "FATHER BYLES": "He shall wipe every tear from their eyes. And there shall be no more death or mourning, crying out or pain, for the former world has passed away.", "MOTHER": "Shhh. Don't cry. It'll be over soon, darling. It'll all be over soon.", "MOLLY BROWN": "God Almighty. The great liner's lights flicker.", "SEVERAL PEOPLE": "We're saved! Jack looks at Rose and shakes his head, grimly. Now the horrible mechanics play out. Pulled down by the awesome weight of the flooded bow, the buoyant stern tilts up rapidly. They feel the", "FABRIZIO'S POV:": "demon in a tuxedo. The image fades to black.", "FIREMAN HENDRICKSON": "We should do something. Lucile squeezes Cosmo's hand and pleads him with her eyes. She is terrified.", "ROSE'S POV:": "glorious band from horizon to horizon. A", "survivors:": "sipping from a hip flask offered to him by a black-faced stoker... Ruth hugging Page 125/132", "SLOW MOTION.": "", "CARPATHIA STEWARD": "You won't find any of your people back here, sir. It's all steerage. Cal ignores him and goes amongst this wrecked group, looking under shawls and blankets at one bleak face after another. Rose is sipping hot tea. Her eyes focus on him as he approaches her. He barely recognizes her. She looks like a refugee, her matted hair hanging in Page 126/132", "IMMIGRATION OFFICER": "Name?", "YURI": "Mir One returning to surface. The sub rises off the deck of the wreck, taking its light with it, leaving the Titanic once again it its fine and private darkness.", "BLACKNESS:": "310"}, "top-gun-1986.pdf": {"CHARACTER NAMES": "", "MAVERICK-PETE MITCHELL": "", "MERLIN-SAM WILLS": "", "STINGER-TOM OTOWACZECK": "", "VIPER-MIKE METCALF": "", "JESTER-DICK HETHERLY": "", "HOLLYWOOD-RICK NEVEN": "", "WOLFMAN-HENRY RUTH": "", "SLIDER-RON KERNER": "", "ICEMAN-TOM KAZANSKY": "", "SUNDOWN-EVAN GOUGH": "", "TOMBSTONE-SIG PRIESTLY": "", "TITLES OVER": "", "LSO": "", "RADIO OPERATOR": "", "STINGER": "\u2022\u2022\u2022 by unknown forces \u2022\u2022\u2022 by MiGs. It's our ship, and our orders are to escort it out of the area. Stinger circles an area on the map. 155.", "-'l:t/Jil:F.l:trnaR": "Cougar and Merlin, Maverick and Goose,", "FOR BOGEY,": "Almost immediately the", "MERLIN": "", "MAVERICK": "How'd you do?", "GOOSE": "1000. watch that", "COOGAR": "<slight panic> This is crazy! 39.", "HE'S SINGLE.": "14.", "TWILIGHT": "", "COUGAR": "Thanks Maverick. Looks at them, walks away.", "MAVERICK (V.O.)": "", "COUGAR (VO)": "", "COUGAR.": "Yeah \u2022\u2022\u2022 I'm sorry \u2022\u2022\u2022 I'm really screwed up. 42.", "TURNING AWAY.": "28.", "INTERCUT:": "158.", "NEEDLES CENTER.": "35a.", "(VO)": "", "MAVER.ICK": "(long pause) I wasn't thinking. You think and you're ~/ dead.", "COUGAR?": "", "SILVER SUIT": "Merlin, can you hear me? Sir! Nothing for a moment. Then the", "AIR BOSS": "Goddamn that guy! His words are drowned out by", "GOOSE (VO)": "Great", "STINGER (O.S.)": "Maverick, Goose \u2022\u2022\u2022 come in here. 61.", "PAGE": "", "MAVERICK/GOOSE": "Sir? Bis facade cracks just slightly.", "CULVER": "To the Ghost Riders --the meanest goddamn mother-lovin' sons a bitches in the world. -and to Maverick and Goose. Kick Ass and take names!", "STOCK. DAY.": "", "JESTER": "Maverick?", "VIPER": "(loudly) Maverick.", "ANGLE- VIPER": "", "WOLFMAN": "Nothing- Just hit a curb, parking.", "SLIDER": "I don't know, Ice, We've really been burning up the fuel. Ice considers for a moment, then responds.", "SL.I.DER": "Tom Kazansky. He indicates the end of the bar. Iceman looks up and walks toward them.", "ICE": "Whatever you say, Commander. He and Slider snap to and proudly salute. Maverick hesitates, then returns it. As Ice and Slider snap it off, it turns into the pilot's salute, they give them the bird. Maverick and Merlin laugh and return the compliment.", "GOOSE\u2022": "Believe me he", "GIRL": "I love that song. God I have", "CHARLOTTE": "Your friend was magnificent. Goose is wide-eyed. Charlie", "MAVERICX": "Nah, embarrassment's good for the brain cortex. Keeps blood in the cheeks. Charlotte nods and", "CHARLIE": "Crashed on the first one. I'll tell you tomorrow. But its looking good so far. She reaches out and kisses him hard for a very long time. Plane Captain stops and stares and scurries away.", "BLACK GIRL": "Hold on sucker! In case you ain't noticed", "I MAVERICK": "I'm here to talk about a new concept in cosmetics. He sprints out with the lipstick. 74.", "CB.ARLIE": "Lieutenant, I have a top secret clearance. The Pentagon sees to it that I know more than you.", "FLIPS)": "", "BASE IMMEDIATELY.": "They are brought up short for a moment, then the thrill of victory gets the best of them. Goose lets out a", "TOWER-DAY": "is being wiped off by two underlings.", "HOLLYWOOD": "Not luck. Skill. Ice is looking in Maverick's direction. His face is inscrutable. He pushes over to Maverick. They stare at each other for a moment, eye to eye even as they are buffeted by the crowd. Finally, Ice breaks \u2022\u2022\u2022 a grin. They embrace.", "DISSOLVE TO:": "134.", "(LAUGHING)": "No way! Its like putting a muzzle on a man if he can't apologize for being late. A lady's got him. And", ".MAVERICK": "Cover his shoulder> I'm going to take a shower. She watches him, where is he going to take the shower? He doesn't go down the hallway and to her shower. He goes instead to the outside door. He sets the lipstick she forgot in the", "LEAVING.": "", "CUT TO:": "Hollywood leads, Maverick follows. They point their noses down and dive. Two bogies fly side by side at five thousand, out.lined against the blue Pacific. Smaller, slower, they seem helpless for a moment. We hear the instructors in the F-S's.", "( JESTER": "", "CAROLE": "But he'd 'a flown anyway. Without you. He'd hate it. But he'd do it. Maverick walks away.", "INTERCUT: VIPER": "( V", "I": "\\ (", "MOTION. DAY.": "He's in shock \u2022\u2022\u2022 the loud THUM.l?ING of his heart, labored breathing, a", "FROGMAN": "Sir! Let him go. It's all right. Let him go. Maverick glares at the man as he bobs in the water. Another long moment, then Maverick releases Goose. The frogman quickly straps Maverick into the harness.", "VOICE COS)": "Lt. Mitchell! Maverick's eyes slowly focus. The light attenuates. The surrounding image becomes denser. Things become real \u2022 . 140.", "CDR": "Lt. Mitchell is restored to flight status without further delay, These proceedings are closed. Maverick doesn't respond.", "SUNDOWN": "C shrugging t\u00b7 l?AGE 91 It's got to be hard on the guy. Ice stands proudly holding the Top Gun plaque, l?HOTO", "( MAVERICK": "And you were there?", "FLEX": "What are his plans?", "GUYS": "Yo! Jester quickly goes down the list of the teams, in pairs. Until Maverick who is clearly without a", "ON MAVERICK-VIPER": "You'll get a", "ICEMAN": "You can be my wingman anytime!", "BEFORE. DAY.": "In full flight' gear, sixteen teams of fighter pilots and", "ICE ~": "Nothing personal Sir, but is that ~ the best backup you've got? Maverick hears it. Stinger waves Ice out firmly. =jttl", "INT. COCKPIT.": "Suddenly, there are", "ROGER, VOODOO.": "162.", "INTERCUT: ICE": "Do you have them? Did they get out or not?", "STRIKE": "( V", "I'M DEFENSIVE.": "Maverick jerks his stick right and streaks toward Ice. He cuts off one of the MiGs with", "FOX TWO.": "He fires a sidewinder. The MiG turns hard, the missle sails away.", "COMING DOWN.": "Rolling down on him, good", "INTERCOT:": "170.", "ROGER.": "Maverick breaks down, Ice zooms up, breaks in and takes the MiG the other way. Maverick Yo Yos in, comes right up behind the MiG, as the MiG starts acceleration. Maverick rolls in on Ice and the MiG. The MiG fires.", "A FLYBY.": "176.", "HAWK. DAY.": "The", "OFFICER": "Who is that guy?", "ADMIRAL": "(sternly) Johnson!", "ADMIRAL-": "Give the man his flyby. The Admiral looks at the others, tries to supress his own grin. He slides into his (borrowed) command chair, looks into the wind. On the back of the chair, a clue; his name and", "RUNWAY.": "188.", "PLANE CAPTAIN": "Welcome back Sir. 'Be someone to pick you up in a minute. It's early.", "VOICE": "Taxi sailor? He turns to see Charlie. He smiles at her. Looks at Plane Captain who comes around wing, is surprised to see Charlie."}, "transformers.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "", "EXT. SPACE": "A small planet glows in the light of its sun. Suddenly, we hear a loud rumble, and see a thick, electronic mist behind the planet... Then, the electronic mist begins to engulf the planet, and we hear the horrible sounds of destruction. Almost like somebody, or something, is eating it. Unicron writhes in space, tearing himself apart, ripping off a leg, and sending out sparks like a roman candle.", "ARBLUS": "Transform and flee, Kranix! You must warn all you meet of the horror of Unicron! Suddenly, the pitiful creature is surrounded by the strange energy cloud and it looks like his body has simultaneously caught fire and been", "KRANIX": "Spare me this mockery of justice.", "CONTINUED:": " As it takes off, we realize this isn't any dinky shuttle, but a massive ship, capable of carrying all the energon needed to fight a war and an army to boot. The screen is bathed in smoke and fire which slowly clears.      The five                    Jury's faces rotate to fifth expression - a   With that, the four Dinobots head towards the \"primrose path.\"        Ultra Magnus turns to see...             A  Hitting him as he transforms back to humanoid mode and angering him. .Raises his gun, then lowers it. ", "NARRATOR": "It is the year 2005. The treacherous Decepticons have conquered the Autobots' home planet of Cybertron. But from secret staging grounds on two of Cybertron's moons the valiant Autobots prepare to retake their homeland.", "IRONHIDE": "Fat chance, Megatron! Ironhide pulls himself up and grabs onto Megatron who flings him against the wall.", "OPTIMUS PRIME": "Arise, Rodimus Prime.", "PRIME": "Out of the way, Hot Rod.", "JAZZ": "Let's burn rubber!", "ANOTHER MOON": "This is the second moon. It is much closer to Cybertron than the first one. This is where Bumblebee and Spike are stationed.", "JAZZ (V.O.)": "Hit it!", "BUMBLEBEE": "It isn't even dented.", "SPIKE": "You did it!", "CUT TO:": "", "CLIFFJUMPER": "Hurry!", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "PROWL (V.O.)": "Slow down, Ironhide. We want to get to Autobot city in one piece.", "PROWL": "You were saying?", "IRONHIDE (IRKED)": "That wasn't an asteroid. There is a blast of light and they turn to see... 6.", "MEGATRON": "(pleading) No, no. I accept your terms.   I accept!", "BRAWN": "is cut in half by Megatron's blast.", "ON PROWL": "as", "THE INSECTICONS": "as a Laser", "STARSCREAM": "Megatron, is that you?", "(MORE)": "", "(CONTINUED)": "106.", "MEGATRON (CONT'D)": "You imbecile, our cover is blown!", "DANIEL (V.O.)": "Wooooh!!", "ON DANIEL": "He runs up a catwalk towards it....", "DANIEL": "Dad! There is no answer. Play the moment. Then...", "HOT ROD": "This is the end of the road, Galvatron. With that, he picks up the Decepticon and throws him through...", "KUP": "I knew you had potential, lad!", "KUP (CONT'D)": "(to sound like swearing) Cam bustin', turbo revvin' young punk.", "STARSCREAM (CONT'D)": "I'm hit!", "THE CONSTRUCTICONS": "Firing out of the hole.", "(SHOUTING)": "WHoooooooaaah", "BLITZWING": "I am a triple changer. I am worth any two of you. I should run things.", "SHRAPNEL": "", "PERCEPTOR": "I wouldn't count on that! (indicating Junkions)", "ULTRA MAGNUS": "You have ships here?", "SPRINGER": "That's what I call the nick of time.", "SPRINGER'S BLAST...": "...Explodes on his wing tip.", "AND ARCEE": "", "STARSCREAM (V.O.)": "Pathetic fools!", "ON MEGATRON": "firing blaster again and again", "ON INSECTICONS": "who are trailing Megatron, attack the fast", "KICKBACK": "(Chewing on jamb of doorway near bridge) Delicious, eh Shrapnel?", "KUP (V.O.)": "Experience, lad. You should learn to appreciate it.", "ANOTHER ANGLE": "A miraculous transformation takes place. ... Hot Rod begins to grow at an alarming rate. ... Age shows on his face. ... He is stronger and wiser.", "ON SHRAPNEL": "As Shrapnel looks up and reacts... ...Kup hurtles up and over Kickback's back just as Kickback is starting to rise to see what knocked him face down onto the bridge in the first place. ... Kup goes", "THE DOORWAY": "transforms, shutting down with metal shields with a \"clank\" sound as Kickback and Shrapnel both leap at is to... ... bite Kup and Hot Rod and instead", "TRANSFORM.": "", "BLASTER": "I'm pickin' up a faint signal!", "THE WAVES": "rise and expand into space", "ON SOUNDWAVE": "", "SOUNDWAVE": "Constructicons inferior.   Soundwave superior.", "Operation: interference.": "", "ON CASSETTES": "as they transform and attack the crows nest.", "ON RUMBLE": "as Cubbie takes him down by the foot, turning him over and over", "RUMBLE": "Hey, nobody calls Soundwave uncrazmatic.", "ON BLASTER": "as he spews out", "ON STRIPES": "as he", "THE SCREEN": "", "ENTER SHOT.": "", "THE CATAPULT": "starts moving easily now.", "ARCEE": "Daniel... Try to find help! Arcee fires...", "DEVASTATOR.": "", "ON DEVASTATOR": "as he rises up and starts", "DEVASTATOR": "Roars towards the Dinobots.", "GRIMLOCK": "Me, Grimlock, need new strategy.", "DINOBOTS": "", "FOLLOW DINOBOTS": "In as they transform again and, in dino mode, swoop over to Devastator...", "THEIR BATTLE": "shakes the Earth... ...buckling City walls, menacing the Autobots inside.    Hot Rod and Kup are released during the struggle.", "PRIME (CONT'D)": "his head butts sharply against overhanging concrete balcony, mashing him down...", "THE AUTOBOTS": "fire after them, closing ranks on the shuttle, and pouring shots into the melee.", "SCANNERS": "emit bleeps and show oscilloscopic patterns but sounds and wave patterns are steadily growing weaker and weaker.", "MAGNUS": "Prime, I'm just a soldier.   I'm not worthy.", "UNICRON": "Destroy him, or feel yourself torn from limb to limb.", "ASTROTRAIN": "Fuse them! Astrotrain starts diving into upcoming Shuttles", "INT. ASTROTRAIN": "The ship is packed with living, dead and wounded Decepticons. Starscream addresses them like an Athenian Orator.", "BONECRUSHER": "Who are you calling inferior.", "ASSORTED SHOTS": "Unicron now stands atop Cybertron, fighting the various ships that swarm around him like bees. ... Rays streak from his one good eye. ...", "HEALTHY DECEPTICONS": "Aye!", "DECEPTICONS": " ", "(AD LIB)": "Beat it!     Spare me! ", "SCRAPPER": "The Constructicons form Devastator, the most powerful robot. We should rule.", "HOOK": "Nobody would follow an uncharismatic bore like you.", "FRENZY": "Yeah!     Let's kick tailgate.", "RUMBLE/FRENZY": "No way! Over the battle.", "DIRGE": "Death comes to anyone who crosses me. He attacks Blitzwing.", "GALVATRON": "Nooooooo! ... Hot Rod gets up. ...    The shot doesn't even dent him.", "SCOURGE": "No survivors!", "OTHER DECEPTICONS": "in neat ranks but their grim expressions show their displeasure.", "AL.": "", "LONG LIVE...": "(they look at each other) What did he say his name was. He didn't.", "VOICE OVER": "", "CLIFFJUMPER (V.O.)": "Ignition and....", "CYCLONUS": "The Autobots have been terminated!", "BLURR": "Without the Matrix there is no hope.   No hope at all!", "BEHIND HIM": "", "ON SCOURGE": "as he", "GRIMLOCK (V.O.)": "Groooooowwwwwrrrr!", "ON ARCEE": "as she fires at a Junkion who is trying to swerve her off the road knocking him off the motorcycle... The Junkion looks down at his missing arm, digs around in the junk for a minute, comes up with another, and then transforms to a", "ON SPRINGER": "reacting to Wreck-Gar's noises and eyeball display", "GALVATRON'S SHIPS": "which swerve to avoid them as....", "GALVATRON'S SHIP": "emerges from the chaos.", "ON CYCLONUS": "", "ON GALVATRON": "Weapon drawn.", "SHUTTLE": "Possible song - optimistic adventure with the suggestion that all dreams might not happen. as both shuttles soar majestically through the vast depth of infinite space.", "SLUDGE": "", "SLAG": "Him Wheelie, him friend.", "RASPBERRY": "", "AUTO COMBATANT": "(mechanically, quickly) Time out, time out, time out! Suddenly, the shuttle rocks from impact and", "KUP (O.S.)": "You got a better idea?!! With that, the ship seems to stop, on a dime, in mid air! The missiles zoom past it.", "THE SQUID": "releases a laser print ink stream which boils out in the water in a series of dots and \"x\" shapes and retreats.", "TOGETHER.": "", "CLUNKING, SQUEAKING)": "Well, I still think I'm short a part! (sees Hot Rod hang his head) But all things considered, you did an amazing job, lad! Amazing!", "ON KUP": "as he transforms it's evident that a fender is misplaced and a wheel mounted improperly so it wobbles and he rides unevenly with much chugging and oil spewing", "SHARKTICONS": " Sharkticons march Kup and Hot Rod into a", "THING)": "", "THE QUINTESSONS": "slender, spindly framed robotic creatures with oversized five sided heads, each side bearing a different mechanistic face with a different expression on each - smiling, angry, grimacing, suspicious and the fifth face is not yet to be seen. As", "RESTRAINING BOLTS.": "", "QUINTESSON GUARD": "Soon, you too shall receive your sentence.", "LEAD QUINTESSON": "I repeat, guilty...or innocent.", "JURORS": "Guilty!!", "OTHER JUNKIONS": "Or your money back! The ship fires back, dumping rays into... ... Unicron's face, but not really doing any damage.", "WRECK-GAR": "Ashes to ashes. Junk to junk.", "QUINTESSON": "They went down that path. He points to... A", "A PATH": "It probably isn't lined with primroses, but it should be.", "EXT. UNICRON": "Galvatron stands upon the demonic planet, in an extremely contorted position. Rodimus Prime shoots out the second eye...    Followed by the others.", "WHEELIE": "claps his hands and gleefully makes noises as he hops about, dancing with Junkions until we", "ON WHEELIE": "as he scowls and quickly loads", "QUINTESSON JUDGE": "Sharkticons! Execute them.", "SUDDENLY --": "", "DINOBOTS (O.S.)": "", "(WAR WHOOP)": "", "THE SHARKTICONS": "for a brief instant, don't seem to know what to do. Then, they charge the Quintessons.", "THE CHASE": "The Quintessons start to flee, but it's clear that the Sharkticons, who climb over the stacked bodies of other Sharkticons, are going to catch them.", "THE SPACESHIP": "takes off.", "ON UNICRON": "His mist surrounds the planet...", "UNICRON...": "Whose great mouth shuts when he's got the human and the Autobot.", "WRECK-GAR (V.O.)": "Unshakable, unbreakable, unbeatable. And for a limited time we include...", "ON SCAVENGER": "as he starts reaching for Daniel", "SCAVENGER": "Human germ!", "SWEEP": "He lets out a rayblast...", "ON PERCEPTOR": "He transforms to humanoid mode.", "SPRINGER (O.S.)": "Ultra Magnus!", "PERCEPTOR (O.S.)": "Your estimated survival time is 10 seconds.", "ON WRECK-GAR": "His eyes light up.", "A JUNKION": "roars alongside Springer on his motorcycle and throws out laser barbed grappling hook, trying to hook Springer. Springer ducks first pass of hook.", "ON JUNKION": "as he hurls", "IT": "", "THE JUNKION": "goes flying off his motorcycle.,, He transforms into a motorcycle as The motorcycle transforms into a rider and hops on the new motorcycle and then... ...turns around to come back.", "ON DOORWAY": "as Hot Rod steps out with big smile and hand full of energon sticks followed by a very wary Kup, and the Dinobots with Wheelie riding Sludge's neck.", "EVERYBODY": "Bah weep graaaagnah wheep ni ni bong Bah weep graaaagnah wheep ni ni bong! Bah weep graaaagnah wheep ni ni bong....", "ON GRIMLOCK": "as he reacts to Wreck-Gar kissing his leg", "THE WATCHMAN": "On it is a crazy Eddy-type commercial.", "JUNKIONS": "Free bonus surprise!", "SHOCKWAVE": "Decepticons...we're under attack...Scramble - Then his voice is cut off as...", "UNICRON'S CHEST": "Galvatron, the matrix hanging around his neck. Transforms to Cannon and fires up at... ... A bright panel on Unicron's chest...", "CLOSER": "... tears it in half.", "WRECK-GAR (CONT'D)": "Free bonus surprise!", "PERCEPTOR (V.O.)": "Most unscientific, but... effective. 98.", "THE CRUISER": "Is suddenly struck by a ray from Unicron's eye, and half of it is knocked off.", "UNICRON (V.O.)": "Graaaaaaaaaaa!", "THE DINOBOTS": "Now reaching Unicron's butt, start kicking.", "UNICRON'S STOMACH": "This is the central processing area for Unicron's \"food\" and \"energy.\" A long conveyer belt drops junk into a clear, bubbling vat, where it is separated into raw material and energy. The energy, which comes out in raw form, goes into a", "A CONTROL": "..     which controls the whole thing.", "HIM.": "Then another explodes, then another.", "RODIMUS PRIME": "Let this mark the end of the Cybertronian wars as we move forward to a new age of peace and happiness....", "SMASH CUT:": ""}, "West-Side-Story-Read-The-Screenplay.pdf": {"RIFF": "And then we\u2019ll have us a ball! Tonight!MAR\u00cdA Kill the lights. Ice pulls on the lever and the shed is dark again. Up near the ceiling a few small dirty windows let in some moonlight and the occasional car headlights from the West Side Highway. Anybodys slips into the shed, unnoticed. He crouches behind a mound of salt.     93. And just when all hope is lost... Riff pulls/pushes Tony a little distance apart then says That\u2019s who I am, but who\u2018re you? Friend or foe? I\u2019m doin the talkin. Riff shoves the gun into Tony\u2019s jacket pocket. Before Tony can say anything, Riff turns to Bernardo. And can you stop whisperin in his ear (to It\u2019s about territory! (to", "RESTAURANT OWNER": "\u00a1Oye, deja la mierda!", "RESTAURANT OWNER(CONT\u2019D)": "\u00a1Por muchachitos como ustedes es que este mundo est\u00e1 lousy!STORE", "(to Anybodys:)": "Beat it! Riff snaps his fingers; the other Jets shove Anybodys aside as paint can lids are popped open. Riff hoists a can and flings a arcing slash of orange paint splattering across the flag mural. The others join in, paint covering the mural. They\u2019re having a blast. Get offa him! Cut it out now! (to Diesel) Yer gonna break her arm, ya Godforsaken - Anybodys gets loose from Diesel, but Krupke grabs him from behind.  A", "QUIQUE": "V\u00e1monos, chicos, \u00a1vamos! \u00a1Por ac\u00e1, por ac\u00e1!CHAGO \u00a1Ven ac\u00e1, blanquito!\u00a1Estate quieto! Anybodys wolf-whistles twice at the Jets, who turn just as the Sharks arrive. Braulio knocks Anybodys aside and plunges Nosotros vivimos aqu\u00ed.BRAULIO We have rights! You want to fight, right? Hey! Quique steps up to Riff, offended. Bernardo restrains him. Riff extends his hand to seal the deal. Ay ay ay! \u00bfQui\u00e9n est\u00e1 ah\u00ed? A figure walks up outside the ring. They recognize Chino, his face unnervingly calm. (shaking his head, terrible sorrow coming He was a hero. I know people say that about a lot of people, pero Bernardo - Eso es verdad. It\u2019s a big world. Bernardo let the gringos tell him there\u2019s only this barrio, these twenty bad blocks. Quique steps out of the ring and lays a restraining hand on the gun, imploring Chino. Chino, Chino, por favor, Bernardo no te dejar\u00eda hacer eso.", "A-RAB": "He ain\u2019t never been nothin\u2019 before. And two, don\u2019t tell \u2018em nothin. Mouthpiece is at the Day Sergeant\u2019s desk. He puts on Krupke\u2019s hat, then slams his hand down on the heavy day ledger. Our fathers all are drunks. There is good! Diesel, A-Rab and Big Deal surround the chair, singing to Baby John, other Jets and the streetwalker. He ain\u2019t alone, the old lady\u2019s down there with him! Go pop yerself, ya blister. We saw ya at the gym. Mmmm, she\u2019s too dark to pass. Come on, ya pig, let\u2019s see your moves! Go back where ya came from. Anita turns and fixes him with a scary smile.", "shouts:": "", "BABY JOHN": "You think we\u2019re goin to jail? (shaky What about us? The streetwalker gathers her things and heads for a nearby holding pen.     67.  That\u2019d kill my ma!! Unmoved, the Streetwalker enters the holding pen, closes the gate and locks herself in, safe from the Jets. ... kindly social worker, They say go earn a buck, Like be a soda jerker! Which means like be a schmuck! It\u2019s not I\u2019m antisocial, I\u2019m only antiwork! I\u2019m no good! He hops up on the bench and the other Jets twirl him in place. Riff! Baby John snatches the knife from the ground and tosses it to Riff. Riff catches it. Riff turns to Bernardo and they circle each other. Both gangs move to encircle to the two leaders. Bernardo and Riff lunge and jab at each other. It\u2019s clear When\u2019s that gonna happen?", "SERGEANT KRUPKE": "(to (to", "SERGEANT KRUPKE(CONT\u2019D)": "(wheezing) Yiz\u2019re drivin me to my grave, ya pack a jackals!  Sit yizselves someplace and don\u2019t move a muscle till I get back! Don\u2019t even sweat! Yiz hear me?! Krupke pulls the doors shut behind him, then emphatically turns a knob on the deadbolt, locking the Jets in with a reverberative", "(to Bernardo:)": "And you lot! Yer in New York now, ya got a problem, ya call the cops, yiz can\u2019t play at bein cops yizselves! D\u00e9jenlo. No vale la pena.SERGEANT I didn\u2019t mean no disrespect, I just wanted to dance with her. Ya, tranquilo, que no pas\u00f3 nada.GRAZIELLA I wanna dance, goddammit!!! Goddammit Riff! You swore to me you wasn\u2019t startin nothin, you promised we could dance \u00a1Ya no lo soporto! \u00a1No soy una beb\u00e9! I was okay on my own, just me and Pap\u00ed for five years without you while you came here, where you do everything you want, you study, you make money - Anita comes out of the bedroom in her dress. I don\u2019t wanna - (to Riff, shutting him He won\u2019t fight you! Fight someone who will! Tony gets in between Riff and Bernardo.", "BERNARDO": "In prison, there were Puerto Ricans, Dominicans? What\u2019d you do to get yourself locked up, primo? So you told God and J\u00e9sus when you get out, you\u2019re gonna become somebody new? Am I right, pendejito? And then you came to that dance and you see my sister, and you think - Bernardo jabs at Tony\u2019s gut, landing a wicked punch, then he \u00a1No se metan! \u00a1No se metan! Bernardo instantly scrambles to his feet. He swings at Tony, who hits him in the nose. Bleeding, Bernardo lunges at Tony, who wraps him in a bear hug. Sliding on salt and blood, they fall to the floor, rolling and clawing. Tony gets on top. He hits Bernardo in the face. Bernardo\u2019s head thuds against the", "MOUTHPIECE": "The Jets!RIFF(CONT\u2019D) - by right of bein\u2019 born here, amigo. They. Ain\u2019t. Us. Nah, they don\u2019t tell me nothin. They know I can\u2019t keep secrets. I go. Back on the boys\u2019 This is for you. And Mouthpiece is gone with the others, leaving Krupke alone. (\u201dGee, Officer Krupke\u201d ends.) (to the Jets, imitating", "(to Riff:)": "\u00bfTu crees que tu mandas aqu\u00ed? \u00a1Ven ac\u00e1 canto\u2019e mama\u2019o, pa\u2019 decirte qui\u00e9n es jefe! So spill it, Krazy Kat, what\u2019re you thinkin? Better without knives. Hey! Can\u2019t you shut up for a single goddamn second?RIFF(CONT\u2019D) What\u2019re you afraid of, your parole officer? You\u2019re breakin my heart with this shit! C\u2019mon!", "LIEUTENANT SCHRANK": "Jesus wept, Baby John. Who did that to your ear? Schrank moves Baby John\u2019s hand from his ear and fingers a nail stuck in his earlobe. In English. I realize if any of you helps me out, you might spoil your chance to murder each other over control of this earthly paradise. Uh huh yeah but golly gee, Balkan, not according to the New York City Committee for Slum Clearance, which has decided to pull this whole hellmouth down to the bedrock, and you\u2019re in the way.      6. Rights, huh? Where are they? He slaps Braulio hard in the face. A few people in the crowd shout at Schrank. Bernardo moves towards Schrank with menace; Schrank draws back his jacket to reveal a holstered gun. Evict yourselves off my crime scene, Bernardo. Bernardo stares at Schrank for a moment, then --  C\u2019mon, Sergeant, ride with me. It\u2019s happening tonight. That\u2019s all we know.  The morning papers filled with stories about dead kids? Not on my watch. (\u201dThe Quintet\u201d starts.) Bernardo was your husband? Well, close enough. Schrank smirks. Anita fights to remain composed. You don\u2019t think the boy you danced with was white? Or you don\u2019t think Bernardo was angry? Yeah? I heard you came with a date, some Puerto Rican boy, goes by the street name... (consulting a I\u2019m flattered. Apparently, now he does. Anita fires up the machine again, running a new row of stitches. A headache? I get the picture. In English. What did I say? And all of a sudden, fluency! You\u2019re not his widow or anything. I\u2019m done with you. Schrank opens the door for her and she exits. Alone on the apartment stairs, Anita\u2019s composure starts to give way. She gathers herself and heads down the stairs. Back in the apartment, Schrank pulls up a chair to sit with", "LIEUTENANT SCHRANK(CONT\u2019D)": "Which one of them nailed you? Baby John shrugs. Schrank moves him along the line of Sharks, awaiting an answer. He notices Manolo\u2019s head wound. Who cracked your head open, hombre? Nice reflexes, muchacho! So any day now, all of you are gonna be evicted. You\u2019ll have to vamoose, as we say in Spanish. We\u2019re outnumbered, boys. Thousands more are on their way, and once they\u2019re here, they pop out kids like crazy. Am I right? He looks around. The Jets avoid eye contact with him. Tell me which one nailed Baby John\u2019s ear and I\u2019ll put him out of circulation. (he Every block of Lincoln Square, every inch of San Juan Hill. I want the west side locked down. Your brother was angry you danced with a white boy at the mixer last night. That\u2019s what the word is, anyway. Anita, fighting to remain composed, turns and goes to her sewing machine. With her feet pumping the treadle, blindly running fabric through the feed dog. Schrank follows Anita to the doorway, raising his voice to speak to her over the machine\u2019s He\u2019s armed and hunting for this white stranger, who she danced with - Anita works the treadle harder, increasing the racket. Undeterred, Schrank shouts at (to", "MANOLO": "A m\u00ed no me preguntes nada.", "CHAGO": "(raised - and if they push us too far -", "BALKAN": "Why doncha dance for us first? Big Deal drops a dime in the jukebox; music starts to play. (The music for the attempted rape of Anita, which starts with a violent version of", "BRAULIO": "(to T\u00fa est\u00e1s metido en el medio, \u00bfqu\u00e9 te pasa? Diesel\u2019s (to the Los Jets, quisieron pelear. Everyone starts talking at once, their attention torn between Valentina and keeping a frightened eye out for cops. El fue el que mat\u00f3 a Bernardo. A squad car rounds the corner onto the block. Mar\u00eda, ya es tiempo. Vente con nosotros. She lets him help her to her feet. Anybodys goes to Ice and leads him back to Tony\u2019s body. As Anybodys kneels by Tony\u2019s head and lays his arms across his chest, Ice looks to Big Deal, Tiger and Diesel. They join him in lifting Tony. Anybodys supports Tony\u2019s head, Ice and Tiger", "(to Schrank:)": "Some night, \u201cmuchacho,\u201d maybe you\u2019ll get to see me fight. That means I\u2019ll come as soon as I can. Anita stands, gets her purse and a scarf, and looks at Schrank blankly.", "BERNARDO(CONT\u2019D)": "\u00a1Despierta, borinque\u00f1o - - que han dado la se\u00f1al! Are you ready? Chino\u2019s here. Chino lingers in the doorway, nervous. Dale, entra. You gotta dance with her \u00a1J\u00faralo! Pero no te vayas a echar pa\u2019tr\u00e1s como \u2013 You keep out of that. It\u2019s stupid. We gotta do it, but it\u2019s stupid. Just be Chino, but be a Chino who dances. Anita and Mar\u00eda enter and Bernardo smoothly takes the glass from Chino. Keep away from her! ...Anita Mar\u00eda Teresa Josefina Etcetera...ANITA(CONT\u2019D) (succumbing to \u00bfQue haces aqu\u00ed? \u00a1Te dije que te quedaras fuera de esto! How long in prison? \u201cHow about I get myself a brown girl!\u201d Bernardo jabs, striking Tony again in the stomach.  \u201cIf I can be with a colored girl like her, I\u2019ll be somebody better than I was, somebody I never been before.\u201d      97. \u00bfPero con mi hermana? No. Just as Bernardo closes in for another blow, Riff shoves Tony aside. ", "(raised fist:)": "\u00a1Viva Puerto Rico libre! Bernardo and the Sharks begin to leave, walking backwards, singing even louder. The residents of San Juan Hill cheer for the Sharks, some joining in the singing. The smirks have faded off the faces of the Jets.  Schrank shouts after the", "Sharks:": "", "THE SHARKS": "They began it!JETS We\u2019ll stop \u2018em once and for all! We\u2019re gonna rock it tonight.", "(he waits:)": "Work with me, fellas! Or they\u2019re gonna drive you off your turf!", "(delighted:)": "Ya think so?", "ACTION": "They can\u2019t make us up and leave! We\u2019re here, ain\u2019t we? Tony? We can\u2019t rumble at the gym, it\u2019ll be lousy with cops.  Bullets!RIFF .32s.  Pow! Jesus Christ!", "DIESEL": "Who me, Officer Krupke? Dear kindly Sergeant Krupke, You gotta understand, It\u2019s just our bringin\u2019 upke That gets us out of hand.     68. Golly Moses! Natcherly we\u2019re punks! Diesel, A-Rab and Big Deal pass the chair around, then seat Baby John in it. They slowly wheel him forward, beseeching. Let me tell it to the world!! Mouthpiece points to Balkan, reading a comic book on another bench. Hey, I\u2019m depraved on account of I\u2019m deprived! I am sick! The other Jets join the trio in a huddle, spinning in the center of the room. Dear... But suddenly Baby John pushes Diesel aside and takes over the lead. The other Jets are impressed! \u2018Cause no one wants a fella with a social disease. Shut it, idiot.ACTION (to himself, We left him lyin\u2019 there. Ice and Graziella stop at this. What do we do now? Without turning around, Ice shrugs, then", "(to Snowboy:)": "There\u2019re only forty eight states, ya dead battery, \u2018n whatever Porto Rico is -", "ICE": " (to the Sharks) Welcome to the North Pole. The Sharks look around - the light illuminates mountains of white salt rising up on every side, a salt truck by the wall. Tony just wants to be alone right now, he don\u2019t want to see us. He don\u2019t wanna see you, Grazie. Go home. I know. Where\u2019d you come from? Till the heat dies down. Yeah, yeah good, you do that. In and out of shadows. Hey. Anybodys stops. You heard her, boys. She wants to pass. We\u2019re done. He leaves.", "ACTION(CONT\u2019D)": "What\u2019s this got to do with him?RIFF Tony, who else, who knows rumblin better\u2019n him?", "SNOWBOY": "Maybe it wasn\u2019t a thing before, but now, Riff? The Lieutenant\u2019s right! What\u2019re the Jets if we got no territory? The trouble is he\u2019s growing. Baby John angrily wrestles free of Snowboy. You\u2019re Bernardo\u2019s girl. Bernardo\u2019s black pig. Anita slaps Snowboy, hard. This gets the other Jets excited. One by one, they start to join in the dance.", "RIFF(CONT\u2019D)": "When you\u2019re a Jet, You\u2019re a Jet all the way From your first cigarette To your last dyin\u2019 day. When you\u2019re a Jet, If the spit hits the fan - Then you are set With a capital J Riff goes out into the street, cars swerve to avoid him. As he sings, other Jets join him playing chicken in the traffic as they cross the street. Which you\u2019ll never forget Till they cart you away. When you\u2019re a Jet Multiple cars slam on their brakes to avoid the strutting Jets! You stay A So meet Tony and me at the Dog Days Dance at the gym tonight. The Sharks\u2019re goin. Thanks, pal, thanks a big fat lot - (beat) Is it Graziella? Is that what\u2019s eatin you? I don\u2019t know who I am, and who cares who I am? Nobody, includin me. I know that this dust that\u2019s covering everything now? That\u2019s the four-story buildings that was standing here when you went upstate a year ago. I wake up to everything I know      17. Who are just like you. Riff climbs the stairs leading up into the drugstore, leaving Tony to call after him in frustration. (to Tony) Hey, come and dance, yeah? Yeah! Tony finds a spot on the sideline, next to Krupke, Glad Hand, and the Female Social Worker, with Anybodys in his orbit. He begins to enjoy himself, watching as the Puertorrique\u00f1as sweep across the floor in a line. Hey, I just want to give him a talk real quick. Hey, Bernardo! You walkin\u2019 away?! Hey, c\u2019mon, man! (\u201dDance at the Gym\u201d ends.) Weapons? Hey C\u2019mon... Riff gets close and nearly snatches the gun. The dance/game continues, but the power dynamic Just play it cool, boy. Riff holds out his hand and Action obediently places the gun in it. The Jets surround their Real cool... Action shoots at Tony with his finger. We\u2019re gonna watch Bernardo drop Tonight! More cheers! That Puerto Rican punk\u2019ll Go down! Riff jumps down. And when he\u2019s hollered Uncle? We\u2019ll tear up the town! Riff leads them, they follow him, cheering. So is this The Shot Heard Round the World, or just, y\u2019know, more of yer bullshot? Go on, it\u2019ll be safe with you, and you pitch in. Let\u2019s do it!! It\u2019s okay... It\u2019s okay... In a weirdly calm Take it out. Tony looks at Riff, frightened, then pulls the knife out. Riff slumps and Tony eases him to the ground, the knife now in his hand. He looks at", "CUT TO:": "The Jets are on the median strip on Broadway and West 66th. Heavy traffic is zooming past. Mar\u00eda is walking in the little cloister from Saint-Guilhem-le- D\u00e9sert. Tony watches her intensely, then goes towards her. She looks up and smiles at him, but she\u2019s thoughtful, serious. He sits on one of the low stone walls of the arcade. Tony\u2019s face is half in sunlight, half in shadow as the sun sinks. Mar\u00eda walks as the sun sets behind her. ", "A": "", "RIFF (CONT\u2019D)": "When you\u2019re a Jet You\u2019re the top can in town - Riff points to Diesel. They playfully square off with each", "other:": "", "BIG DEAL": "No Spanish! Not with us, not today! Anita moves for the door, but A-Rab steps in front of it. She turns to leave. Tiger and Big Deal block her way.", "BIG DEAL(CONT\u2019D)": "Little boy, you\u2019re a man - Riff spins Baby John around.", "THE JETS": "Well they began it! And we\u2019re the ones to stop \u2018em once and for all.THE", "THE JETS(CONT\u2019D)": "Here come the Jets, Little world, step aside! Better go underground, Better run, better hide! We\u2019re drawin\u2019 a line, So keep your noses hidden! The Jets pass through a row of gutted tenements. We\u2019re hangin\u2019 a sign Says \u201cvisitors Forbidden\u201d - On the whole! Ever! Mother! Lovin\u2019! They turn out to howl their defiance to the world! Streeeeeeeeeeeet! ", "TONY": "Sure, Puerto Ricans, Dominicans, Cubans - None a us would be here if any a us believed we had anyplace else to be. (to I love her, Bernardo. Instantly Bernardo hits Tony again under his left eye, opening a cut, which bleeds profusely. Tony staggers back towards Riff. Riff deposits Tony in Ice\u2019s arms, then turns to Bernardo, fists at the ready. But Tony grabs Riff and pushes him back, screaming at That\u2019s enough! I tried. I tried - I\u2019m going to the cops. I just had to see you first. He resumes his exit, but Mar\u00eda snatches at the jacket in his hand, holding him back. I should go. Come with me now. What was that? What was that?! You can\u2019t never hear nothin from down here. Was it the cops? Listen, I got somethin\u2019 to ask and - and it ain\u2019t easy to ask this, so let me just go, I got no idea what it costs to get far enough away, out west someplace, a hundred bucks for both of us? And we\u2019ll get work when we get there, we\u2019ll pay you back, every cent. I know you ain\u2019t got money, so if it\u2019s too much. We\u2019re gonna name all our girls Valentina! \u2018Cause if you hadn\u2019t\u2019ve cared for me like you always done, I wouldn\u2019t even be here, alive, which... (grief rising up) ...maybe I shouldn\u2019t be - (shaking his head, (a beat, What? ", "TONY(CONT\u2019D)": "- a rumble. You\u2019re on your own, pal-o-mine, you don\u2019t need me helpin ya screw up your life.RIFF And the spics, right, which all you gotta do is help me Why would you do that? It\u2019s cool, don\u2019t get all - (gestures \u201cobsessed, crazy\u201d) - the way you get. Grazie\u2019s a great girl. And the Jets are the greatest, and you - you\u2019re like... you know, blood to me. But I had time, lots of it, locked up like that, and for the first time ever, I took a look inside, and that was rough, doin that, but - I gotta stay with myself. There\u2019s something due any day; I will know right away - Valentina climbs the ladder, resuming her restocking. Soon as it shows. Tony goes to Valentina and, hands around her waist, lifts her off the ladder, spinning her Who knows...? He goes to the counter and picks up the box of cans, then carries it to the ladder. It\u2019s only just out of reach, Down the block, on a beach, Under a tree. Valentina watches as he strikes the floor with his sneaker and skateboards on the ladder the length of the store. I got a feeling there\u2019s a miracle due, Gonna come true, Coming to me! Tony stops his glide near the end of the shelves. He begins placing cans, one by one, on an empty shelf. Could it be? Yes, it could. Something\u2019s coming, something good, If I can wait! With his left foot he pushes against a shelf and sails on the ladder back towards the window, holding the now-empty crate. Something\u2019s coming. I don\u2019t know what it is But it is Gonna be great! The ladder jolts to a stop against the end of its track. Tony follows the ladder\u2019s trajectory, holding on with his right With a click, with a shock - Phone\u2019ll jingle, Door\u2019ll knock - He snatches up another crate and places it on the ladder, then pulls out a stool for Valentina to sit by him.      21. Catch the moon, One-handed catch. Tony starts to dance Valentina in a circle. Around the corner, Or whistling down the river, Come on, deliver - He releases her and she sits, dizzy, catching her breath, on a chair at one of the tables. - To me... He looks out the window past the neon sign at the darkening street.  Come on, something, come on in, don\u2019t be shy - Meet a guy, Pull up a chair. The air is humming - And something great is coming... (a grin, a shrug, spoofing himself a Maybe tonight... As he pulls the gate across the left-hand window. Maybe tonight... He steps just inside the store and pulls the third scissor- gate across the doorway, locking himself inside. Maybe toniiiiight... Valentina pulls the cord, switching off the neon sign in the front window, and the store goes dark. (\u201dSomething\u2019s Coming\u201d ends.) Whoa! Sorry, you just, caught me by surprise is all. I\u2019m a by-the-book type, so - The most beautiful sound I ever heard. Maria. (a little Maria! I just kissed a girl named Maria! And suddenly I\u2019ve found How wonderful a sound Can be He turns away from the custodian, and finds himself... Mariiiiiiiiiiiiaaaaaaaaa! Mariiiaaa!!! Mariiiaaaa!!! Mariiiiiiiiiiiiiia, Maria! Say it loud and there\u2019s music playing, Maria.... (\u201dMaria\u201d I\u2019m serious! Don\u2019t laugh! For here you are And what was just a world is a star, Tonight! Tony pulls himself up, climbs over the rail till he\u2019s standing on Mar\u00eda\u2019s landing with her. They gaze at each other \u201c...verte... de nuevo.\u201d Like You seem sorta - Oh. Riff. The first time I saw this place? I was on a prison bus. Up to the state prison, in Ossining. He stops, afraid. Mar\u00eda looks at him and nods. There was a rumble. And I busted up this kid, he was in the Egyptian Kings. He only didn\u2019t die because of luck, like, one more punch and he probably woulda died. And I woulda done it, I woulda murdered this messed-up kid who wasn\u2019t no Make of our hands one hand. Make of our hearts one heart. Make of our vows one last Gee whillikers, Batman! Since when you carry a rod? Call it off. It\u2019s yours? (to the Let\u2019s grab some beer and weed and head to the zoo. Got a rocket in your pocket? Keep coolly cool, boy! Riff snatches at the gun. Take it slow and, Daddy-o - You can live it up and die in bed! - easy does it! Riff kneels, glaring at Tony, who dances away. Turn off the juice, boy! Tony slide, jumps, bounces off a steel beam, showing off - his moves look like parkour. Careful, buddy. (\u201dCool\u201d dance And for us, stars will stop where they are. And make this endless day (back to   ", "VALENTINA (O.S.)": "\u00a1Tony, mu\u00e9vete!", "(calling up:)": "I\u2019m comin\u2019! He heard ya!", "VALENTINA": "There\u2019s a place for us, Somewhere a place for us. Peace and quiet and open air Wait for us Somewhere. There\u2019s a time for us, Time to learn, time to care, We\u2019ll find a new way of living, We\u2019ll find a way of forgiving - Hold my hand and we\u2019re halfway there. Hold my hand and I\u2019ll take you there Somehow, Someday, Somewhere... She folds into herself, cradling her head in her arms. I know you. I know all of your names. Since you was born; I watched you grow up. And you have grown into rapists. She walks past them to the basement stairs. As she No, no, it was not police. No, it was, it was - Now it\u2019s alright. It\u2019s - Let\u2019s sit down for a second. But Tony is darting everywhere, packing quickly. No, no, no. It\u2019s not too much. It\u2019s not - Tony\u2019s overcome with feeling for her. He kneels by the cot where she\u2019s sitting. Don\u2019t you ever say that. Life matters. It matters even more than love. That was Anita upstairs. Chino... Chino has a gun. Chino, he... He shot Mar\u00eda. She reaches out to caress his face.     131.", "Tony:)": "Stand me for a Milky Way, huh? Least you can do. (opening the", "(tough, admonishing:)": "Tony! Wake up. I know you love Riff. But he hates Puerto Ricans. That\u2019s not you.", "VALENTINA(CONT\u2019D)": "Keep looking for better, mi milagro, like you always done. As they look at their reflections, Tony is  \u00a1Pobrecita! Mi\u2019ja... Mi\u2019ja... When Valentina puts her hand on Anita\u2019s shoulder, Anita recoils, badly startled. She struggles to her feet, then pushes Valentina away. You dishonor yourselves. You dishonor your dead. The Jets watch her go. For a moment, none of them speaks and no one looks at anyone else. Ice starts to walk towards the door. As he does, Diesel asks", "(laughing, shouting:)": "\u00a1Esp\u00e9rate! \u00a1Para! \u00a1Ya! Tony gently sets Valentina down.", "(quietly:)": "Will it be? Yes, it will. Maybe just by holding still It\u2019ll be there. Tony hops up onto the pinball machine by the window. He pulls the ball-shooter-plunger on the pinball machine as he hops", "ANITA (O.S.)": "\u00a1Mar\u00eda! Mar\u00eda gives the city a last look, then climbs through the window into her bedroom. Need a little rum? It\u2019ll help you sleep. (a laugh, \u00a1Mar\u00eda! Breakfast, ni\u00f1a! (shouting from the (calling from the Mar\u00eda? Sal, mi amor, que tenemos que hablar. In the bedroom, Tony pulls Mar\u00eda to him. Mar\u00eda, \u00bfpuedo entrar?", "ANITA (O.S.)(CONT\u2019D)": "\u00a1Mar\u00eda, ya vienen por ah\u00ed! They\u2019re gonna be here in five minutes! She picks up a party dress from her bed, then closes her window so she can see herself and the dress in the reflection. She makes a face and tosses the dress over her head and then flops down on the bed with it.", "ANITA": "A boy like that who killed your brother, Forget that boy, and find another, One of your own kind, Stick to your own kind!MAR\u00cdA(CONT\u2019D) A boy who kills cannot love, A boy who kills has no heart. And he\u2019s the boy who gets your love And gets your heart? Very smart, Maria, very It will never be safe for him here. And no one will ever forgive him. Te quiero, mi ni\u00f1a. But he will have to go away. And you will have to go with him. Yes. Bernardo told me about you. The way you talked to him. Mar\u00eda steps into the room. (nodding, a beat, I can go? He shrugs. I want to see your friend. Tony. He\u2019s here? He\u2019s supposed to be. Ice shrugs. \u00a1Valentina! \u00a1Es Anita! \u00bfPuedes subir, por favor, que tengo que - Graziella stands up and goes towards Anita. (to Let me pass. Don\u2019t do this! No! Let me go! All the Jets except Diesel and Baby John are now dancing violently around Anita, shoving her back and forth. \u00a1Yo no soy tu hija, traitor! T\u00fa les das techo a estos puercos. Anita starts towards the door.  The Jets let her pass. You think I want to stay here in a city full of ugly little animals like you? Anita looks at all the Jets; some glare, some look away, some stare down at the ground.", "MAR\u00cdA": "I wouldn\u2019t dance with a white boy. (calmly, I have... (to I need for this... um, medicine? Anita, she can go for me? Before Schrank can answer, Mar\u00eda turns to (to Tell Valentina I hope her cousin arrived safe. From Santurce. And I\u2019m sorry I can\u2019t be there to meet him like I promised. Dile que ya voy. (to  Only you, you\u2018re the only thing I\u2019ll see Forever. In my eyes, in my words and in everything I do, Nothing else but you, Ever...", "MAR\u00cdA(CONT\u2019D)": "It wouldn\u2019t look like a shroud if it was red.ANITA (crossing \u00a1Ay, este es el traje m\u00e1s ancho y m\u00e1s feo que he visto en mi vida! The boys think I\u2019m a kid. \u00a1Ay Dios m\u00edo! \u00a1No, no, no, no...! In the apartment behind Mar\u00eda, the door opens and shuts, Tomorrow...where? Tonight, tonight, There\u2019s only you tonight, What you are, what you do, what you say. Tony grabs hold of the sides of Mar\u00eda\u2019s railing, and using the brace, hoists himself till he\u2019s holding on to her Tomorrow. Wait! He\u2019s back instantly, hanging off her railing, again supported by the brace. What time? It\u2019s because of us they\u2019re gonna fight, \u00bfverdad? As the train comes to a halt. Tony, if someone gets hurt because of what we do. Yo, Mar\u00eda, te recibo a ti, Anton. Come see me tonight. She exits up the stairs. I feel pretty, Oh, so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright! (returning the martini glass to the I feel charming, Oh, so charming, It\u2019s alarming how charming I feel!PROVI Zsa Zsa Gabor! And so pretty - That I hardly can believe I\u2019m real. She jumps off the dais, goes to a display case Luz is polishing. Mar\u00eda points to the mirror above it. See that pretty girl in that mirror (Posing for the For I\u2019m loved - She steps up onto the display, where she\u2019s lit by a brilliant yellow sun! By a pretty wonderful boy! That the city should give me its key.PROVI A committee Should be organized to honor me. I feel fizzy And funny And fine! And so pretty Miss America can just resign!FAUSTA Ay, pobrecita. \u00a1Est\u00e1 loca! And dancing for joy!PROVI, \u00bfChino, eres t\u00fa? Behind her, from where he\u2019s been hiding between two of the bins, Chino stands up, swaying, his eyes huge, dark, glassy. T\u00fa estabas llorando. He can\u2019t speak. She waits, Dime. Chino shakes his head. \u00a1Chino! \u00bfLe pas\u00f3 algo?  Ay, no. Mar\u00eda goes to him. Go to Doc\u2019s. Valentina will know what to do. (a beat, no answer, Go, go. He\u2019s halfway out the window when the door opens. Anita enters, then freezes. No one moves. Then Tony goes out through the window and scrambles recklessly down the fire escape, finally dropping to the ground. Anita watches him run. She closes the window and turns to It isn\u2019t true, not for me, It\u2019s true for you, not for me - I hear your words - And in my head I know they\u2019re smart - But my heart, Anita, - to him alone. One thing I Oh no, Anita, no - Anita forcefully pulls Mar\u00eda\u2019s hands from her ears. You should know better! You were in love - - or so you said. Anita looks shocked at this. Mar\u00eda\u2019s shocked too; she\u2019s hit too hard, but she doesn\u2019t back I have a love, and it\u2019s all that I need, Right or wrong, and he needs me too. Anita can\u2019t hold back her tears anymore. She sinks to the bed as Mar\u00eda kneels before her. Anita looks down at Mar\u00eda, forcing herself to listen, to hear as Mar\u00eda pleads for understanding. I love him, we\u2019re one; There\u2019s nothing to be done, Not a thing I can do But hold him, Hold him forever, Be with him now, tomorrow Mamita, ve a Doc\u2019s y dile a Valentina -  Mi amor, mi alma, mi coraz\u00f3n. The Jets emerge from the nearby alleys, hanging back. Tony smiles at Mar\u00eda alive. There\u2019s something tranquil, accepting in the smile. Give it to me. Chino doesn\u2019t move. Mar\u00eda takes the gun. How do you fire it? Just... pull this?! Mar\u00eda points the gun at Chino\u2019s heart. He draws back, an involuntary movement. She keeps the gun trained on him. She gives him a cold, appraising look. He starts trembling, eyes closed. Keeping the gun pointed at him, Mar\u00eda comes closer. Quietly she How many bullets are left? Enough for you? Suddenly she swings the gun from Chino to point it at Ice. And you? Ice stands, helpless. Mar\u00eda keeps the gun on him a long beat, then moves the gun towards Diesel and the other Jets.      134. I hate now. Then she faces Chino again. How many can I kill, Chino? And still have one bullet left for me? Mar\u00eda stares at the gun, then she forces herself to look back at Tony\u2019s body. It\u2019s very hard for her to do this. She drops the gun and runs back to him. She throws herself over him and kisses him. Te adoro, Anton. Ice goes to Tony\u2019s body. Tiger, Big Deal and Diesel approach, then hesitate and stop as Ice tries to help Mar\u00eda stand. She pulls away and throws herself protectively across Tony. No, don\u2019t touch him! Ice steps back. Braulio comes forward, leans down to Mar\u00eda and whispers to her.", "(crossing herself:)": "No digas esas cosas, ni\u00f1a. \u00bfQu\u00e9 te pasa? Con los muertos no se juega, \u00bfah? She pulls the dress over Mar\u00eda\u2019s head. It\u2019s a little too big.", "ANITA(CONT\u2019D)": "Ahorrar tus chavitos, fancypants. Mar\u00eda sees her reflection and covers her face in frustration. Ah, si... Ay, turn around! Anita makes a couple of expert adjustments, then, \u00a1Mira qu\u00e9 bella! She spins Mar\u00eda back to the mirror. Mar\u00eda checks herself out in the reflection.     24. \u00a1Ay, Mr. Juvenile Delincuente! Anita pulls Bernardo out the door. \u00a1Ay, Mar\u00eda, Mar\u00eda, Mar\u00eda, me quedo boba! Anita guides her out with Chino trailing behind them, leaving Tony smitten. Riff and the Jets wait for him at the doors. Ah. (turning to him) And if you think that I\u2019m going back home to Puerto Rico with six kids that I put to bed hungry\u00a0every night, amor de mi vida, you\u2019re dreaming! One of your own kind! Stick to your own kind! Anita goes to Mar\u00eda. A boy like that will give you sorrow. You\u2019ll meet another boy tomorrow. One of your own kind- Stick to your own kind! Mar\u00eda turns again and, shoving open the door, flees the bedroom. Anita follows. A boy who kills cannot love, A boy who kills has no heart. And he\u2019s the boy who gets your love And gets your heart? Very smart, Maria, very smart! In Anita\u2019s workroom, Mar\u00eda retreats between some dressing A boy like that wants one thing only And when he\u2019s done he\u2019ll leave you lonely. He\u2019ll murder your love; he murdered mine. Anita presses in and Mar\u00eda retreats to the hall. Just wait and see - Just wait, Maria, Just wait and see! Mar\u00eda stops and faces Anita. No, gracias. Yo no soy americana. (She spits on the ground.) \u00a1Yo soy puertorrique\u00f1a!", "(wriggling loose:)": "\u00a1Ay! Don\u2019t mess up my hair!!! I just got it to act right. Okay. Get your shoes on, Bernardo will be so mad if we make him late. And I want to dance! Anita leaves the room. Mar\u00eda grabs the necklace and goes into the living room, past a boxing poster featuring a glowering", "BERNARDO (O.S.)": "Anita, we\u2019re home. The front door opens. Mar\u00eda snatches a kleenex and hurriedly wipes the lipstick off. Anita looks over her shoulder in the vanity mirror. In the other room, Bernardo comes through the front door, trailed by Vamos. I told you she likes him. Once they\u2019re gone, Mar\u00eda runs to the vanity and reapplies her lipstick. Chino, bolder now that Bernardo\u2019s gone, waits by the door, then unexpectedly executes a ridiculous/charming formal bow, gesturing for her to precede him through the door. Mar\u00eda laughs, surprised. Mar\u00eda! We\u2019re home! She immediately goes in through the window, tiptoes to her bedroom door. She hides behind it, Who needs to sleep? Oye, nena, ven pa\u2019c\u00e1. \u00a1Mar\u00eda! \u00a1Vente pa\u2019dentro!", "CHINO": "(to Lo s\u00e9, pero quiero ayudar. Me quedo. Riff walks towards Que Dios te bendiga. Chino, suddenly aware of police cars pulling up outside, radios and doors slamming, gets clumsily to his feet and runs towards a door. He stops, turns and retrieves the discarded gun as the doors of the shed clatter open. The Mar\u00eda... She turns, badly startled; then stares at him, her fear catching fire.  (shouting at Bien, bien, Quique. Bernardo est\u00e1 muerto. No one responds to this. (a little Sooner or later, the gringos kill everything. He starts to walk out. Quique tries to hold him back. Don\u2019t follow me. He walks away. The darkness swallows him. Anybodys watches Chino leave; his quick eyes register alarm. He follows.      120.", "Chino:)": "\u00a1Co\u00f1o, Buddy Boy! Lo abotonaste mal. Don\u2019t move. Bernardo hastily fixes Chino\u2019s shirt, which is misbuttoned. As he", "CHINO(CONT\u2019D)": "I owe you so much. But I just wish", "inside:": "", "(to Chino:)": "Gracias, Chino. Bossy, como te dije, y una wiseass. (to Mar\u00eda) \u00d3yeme", "(darkening:)": "Si alguno de ellos te falta el respeto - The first gringo boy who smiles at you? I\u2019ll - He feints and jabs; it looks lethal. Anita rolls her eyes.", "GLAD HAND": "Everyone keep calm now! Contain the aggression, okay?! Krupke joins him. Thank you officer. Alright, alright! So tonight is a social experiment, boys and girls, brotherhood and all that, and you\u2019re the guinea pigs. Oinking from the kids. (to (over the Come on, give it a chance! He\u2019s hustled out of the way as the two groups square off.", "GLAD HAND(CONT\u2019D)": "Thank you, right on cue. Be nice to each other, give us some hope, just for a little bit. Then you can revert back to your true feral selves. - and girls make a smaller circle on the inside, facing out -", "FLACO": "(to Glad", "(to Flaco:)": "Speak English at school-sponsored functions. Now everyone please -", "bellowed instructions:": "", "THE PUERTORRIQUE\u00d1AS": " ", "JET GIRLS": "(imitating", "(imitating them:)": "", "SHARKS": "We\u2019re gonna jazz it tonight!MAR\u00cdA \u00a1La jara, la jara! !V\u00e1monos! \u00a1V\u00e1monos, v\u00e1monos, vamos! Braulio pulls Julito away from Valentina, and the Sharks run away, leaving Valentina speechless, lost in horror. She starts blindly towards the store. She goes to the left storefront window to pull the gate", "GRAZIELLA": "Riff! She leaps into Riff\u2019s arms and into a spin, \u201caccidentally\u201d kicking Braulio. I wanna go see him, talk to him! Does he know I\u2019m here? Tony cared about me once. Spanish?! You come here speakin Spanish?! Let her go! (to Anita) No one wants you here! Stop it, Numbers. Stop!BALKAN (to Numbers) Cutting in. Balkan joins in with Numbers, dancing around Anita, rubbing against her, pulling at her clothes. Graziella pulls Balkan away, but Mouthpiece swoops in and snatches Anita, pulling Let her go!", "LUZ (O.S.)": "\u00a1Mar\u00eda! \u00a1Mar\u00eda! \u00bfQu\u00e9 haces? \u00a1Sal de ah\u00ed ahora mismo! Luz steps back, concerned, as Bernardo charges towards the bleachers.", "(to Luz:)": "\u00bfD\u00f3nde est\u00e1 mi hermana? Under the bleachers, Mar\u00eda pulls away from Tony and races out to intercept her brother. Tony doesn\u2019t move, stunned, unsteady.     34.", "(to himself:)": "Mar\u00eda. As if waking up, he goes in pursuit of her.", "intense warning:)": "D\u00e9jalo quieto. No digas nada.BERNARDO(CONT\u2019D) Mar\u00eda! Bernardo advances towards Tony, fists doubled. Mar\u00eda gets in between them, standing against Tony to protect him. Krupke steps in between, pushing Bernardo back.", "(to Krupke:)": "Back off, asshole.BERNARDO(CONT\u2019D) \u00a1Oye! \u00a1No me toques! \u00a1No me toques!", "(to Tony:)": "You oughta know better! Aint you learned nothing?BERNARDO(CONT\u2019D) (to Anything you need to say you can say it through me! We talked enough. Let\u2019s try something else. Didja bring him flowers too? C\u2019mon, quit flirtin\u2019 with him. Close his eyes!", "(to Mar\u00eda:)": "\u00bfT\u00fa conoces al pendejo ese? \u00bfT\u00fa no sabes lo que \u00e9l quiere?      35. Mar\u00eda, \u00bfte quieres quedar o te llevo a la casa? Your brother has something to say to you. As Mar\u00eda carries the pot with the coffee to the table and pours it through a cheesecloth over the mouth of a coffee      50. I apologize. For behaving last night like a, like a, a - I want you to be happy. Te quiero mucho y tengo que proteger - Anita slams a plate of eggs on the table in front of him. \u00a1Te proh\u00edbo ver a ese est\u00fapido Polack! Bernardo ain\u2019t keeping their dirty money. \u00bfVerdad, Mar\u00eda? Mar\u00eda doesn\u2019t respond, dusting a display of gringa mannequins in cocktail dresses, martini glasses in a fancy modern apartment, on the wall Hot tea is how my wife handles it.", "(spitting:)": "\u00a1Hijueputa!GLAD", "(to Graziella:)": "Challenge who to what? I wasn\u2019t talking to you.", "too much:)": "Like I know? Like he tells me anything? Like I give a -", "(to Braulio:)": "Tanta mierda que hablan estos gringos que si navaja, que si mierda, pero cuando ven sangre se cagan encima. (to \u00a1Dale, hombre! \u00a1V\u00e1monos, que nos van a arrestar!", "ICE(CONT\u2019D)": "Riff, I don\u2019t know, that about knives, that was - It\u2019s salt. For when the streets ice up. Where are you goin? You done good, buddy boy. Anybodys can\u2019t help it; he smiles at Ice, but it\u2019s a sad smile - he\u2019s finally getting something he no longer wants. He moves to the door, reaching it just as the accordion gate across the door slides open\u00a0and Anita stands in the doorway. Anybodys freezes. All the Jets stand. Velma and Graziella", "ECHO": "Maria! Maria!", "(startled:)": "\u00bfQui\u00e9n es?", "then:": " ", "(a beat:)": "I\u2019ll see you tomorrow, Tony.", "(\u201dTonight\u201d begins:)": "", "(\u201dTonight\u201d ends:)": "", "MORNING": "Mar\u00eda is asleep atop her covers, still in her dress from last night. Her window\u2019s still open, the thin curtains hanging limp in front of it. (The \u201cScherzo\u201d from Bernstein\u2019s Symphonic Dances from West Side", "the table:": "", "(to Anita:)": "What fight? Anita removes her rubber gloves. \u00bfO\u00edste eso? \u201c\u00a1Tony!\u201d This is about family. T\u00fa tienes que respe\u2013 \u00bfC\u00f3mo se dice migra\u00f1a? She wants you to go to Docs drugstore, ask Valentina for - Anita cuts him off by ripping some fresh stitches from the fabric. Y dile a Valentina que -", "bedroom:)": "Like a gangster! And he\u2019s apologizing.BERNARDO Perd\u00f3n.", "ROSAL\u00cdA": "(looking all around) What mirror where? Eso es lo que le hace el amor a tu cerebro. \u00a1Voy a fumar!LUZ \u00a1Perdida en las nubes! \u00a1Dale, te esperamos. \u00a1Avanza! Rosal\u00eda, taking out a pack of cigarettes, goes through the door to the outer dock, Luz following.", "MONTSE": "", "COMMUNITY ACTIVISTS": "Lots of doors slamming in our face! Anita gestures to the plywood skyline, showing Rosal\u00eda and Luz where she hopes to", "PUERTORRIQUE\u00d1AS": "La la la la la America!", "SHARK LADIES": " Ooooo! Anita and the girls flounce away, leaving the Sharks to comfort him over Anita\u2019s burn.", "SHARK MEN": "", "(taunting Bernardo:)": "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! The Sharks and Bernardo watch, enjoying the gotcha. The boys join in with the girls, moving up Amsterdam to West 69th Street. The street is crowded now with mostly", "TONY (CONT\u2019D)": "This ain\u2019t casual like that!", "(writing:)": "\u201cQuiero estar con... con...?\u201d", "aloud:)": "Siempre.", "ANYBODYS": "(to (to A-Rab) Get stuffed, why doncha?DIESEL (to Go suck on your sister\u2019s titty, why doncha, ya guinea hyena. I oughta be a Jet! Tony told me I could take on any four a you in a - Tony, c\u2019mon! C\u2019mon! He ain\u2019t there anymore. Everyone spins around. Anybodys is standing at the front of the store. Down the chimney like Santy Claus. What\u2019s Tony gonna do? She moves to the basement door, but A-Rab blocks her. (ignoring them, to Two guys died, And he\u2019s huntin for Tony. Keep track of Chino. That\u2019s how. Anybodys turns to leave. Leave. Anita glances at Anybodys as he leaves. Then she steps inside the store. Come on. Come on with me! I know how to hide you! I\u2019ve a place that the cops\u2019ll never look, just", "(to A-Rab:)": "Why don\u2019t you go suck a pickle? Leave her be! Jesus, A-Rab, just -", "DETECTIVE ONE": "So, you gonna tell me where and when the rumble\u2019s happening! Balkan casually flips a coin.  The Detective grabs him.", "DETECTIVE ONE(CONT\u2019D)": "Or I\u2019m gonna send you straight to the Tombs!", "DETECTIVE THREE": "And then?", "(shaky voice:)": "I can\u2019t go to jail, Deez!", "ANYBODY": "I aint a girl!", "THE STREETWALKER": "She just bought herself a ticket to the House of Detention. You ain\u2019t never been arrested before?", "BABY JOHN(CONT\u2019D)": "I can\u2019t go to jail!", "chair:": "", "DIESEL(CONT\u2019D)": "Gee Officer Krupke, we\u2019re very upset! We never had the love that every child oughta get! We ain\u2019t no delinquents! We\u2019re misunderstood! Deep down inside us...there is good. In the salt shed. Ice.", "accelerates:)": "", "MOUTHPIECE/KRUPKE": "Aw, that\u2019s a touchin good story. Just tell it to the judge! Mouthpiece/Krupke hoists Diesel by the back of his collar. Can I catch it by touchin\u2019 him? A-Rab and Balkan lift one bench and place it on top of the other bench. Snowboy stacks towering piles of newspaper on the upper The trouble is he\u2019s crazy! Mouthpiece roughly hurls Baby John to Balkan/The", "BALKAN/JUDGE": "Right! (turning on Hear ye hear ye! In the opinion a this court, the boy\u2019s depraved on account of he ain\u2019t had a normal home! The trouble is he drinks! Balkan tosses Baby John, even more aggressively, to A-Rab/The", "Mouthpiece/Krupke:)": "Officer Krupke, You\u2019re really a square! This boy don\u2019t need a judge He needs an analyst\u2019s care! It\u2019s just his neurosis that oughta be curbed!", "DIESEL/DEFENDANT": "I\u2019m disturbed! Baby John gets tossed into the arms of the others.  They serenade him before dumping him on the ground. A-Rab pops up, shrieking in mock insanity.", "DIESEL/PATIENT": "My father is a bastard! My ma\u2019s an", "A-RAB/SHRINK": " In my professional opinion what we got here is a run-a-the-mill juvenile delinquent, and juvenile delinquency is a social disease. (to The trouble is he\u2019s lazy! With a shove and kick, A-Rab sends Baby John flying towards Big Deal/The Social Worker.", "(to Mouthpiece/Krupke:)": "Officer Krupke, you\u2019re really a slob. This boy don\u2019t need a doctor, just a good honest job. The Jets tilt the bench upright to send Diesel back to his feet.  They replace the bench and A-Rab surfs down the slope to the floor. Bring him to a social worker!", "A-RAB/SHRINK(CONT\u2019D)": "Society\u2019s played him a terrible trick, And sociologically he\u2019s sick! Diesel pops up between A-Rab and Mouthpiece.", "Shrink:": "", "surprise:)": "Oh! Oh, that\u2019s -", "ABE": "What kind? That so? What\u2019d it shoot? Colt shoots .22s. Mutually Assured Destruction. (to Riff, nodding at the Fires trey eights. Makes quite a hole for a little gun. Leave it on the bar.", "RORY": "I don\u2019t sell heaters to unscrubbed boys. It\u2019s loaded. You don\u2019t gotta cock it, even. You just squeeze the trigger, and - Riff leans forward, placing his forehead against the barrel. You remind me of your dad. Rory puts the pistol back on the bar. Riff proffers the roll of bills to Rory, who doesn\u2019t take it.", "gun:)": "That\u2019s a Smith and Wesson Model 10. Classic of its kind.", "AFTERNOON": "Riff runs into the dockyards; Ice, Action, Tiger and Numbers chase him. Riff waves the gun in the air, the turns and", "calls:": "", "TONY (O.S.)": "Pow. Riff spins, aiming the gun, stopping short when he sees Tony sitting on a crate next to the cargo ramp of a dilapidated pier stretching out, crazily askew, into the Hudson. Tony raises his hands.", "(the gun:)": "Promise to be with us tonight, I\u2019ll let you hold it. Tony playfully grabs at the gun. Riff tries to snatch it away, but Tony seizes the barrel. Both boys hold on.", "(\u201dCool\u201d begins:)": "", "TONY (CONT'D)(CONT\u2019D)": "Go man, go! But not like a yo- Yo school boy!!! Just play it cool, boy! Reeeeaaaal coooool!     82.", "TIGER": "Go! Go! Pow!", "NUMBERS": "Crazy!", "gang:": "", "JETS": "The Jets are gonna have their day Tonight! The Jets are gonna their way tonight! We\u2019ll stop \u2018em once and for all! The Jets are gonna have their way! The Jets are gonna have their day!SHARKS", "SUNSET": "The Sharks have gathered and distributed their weapons, which they\u2019re stowing out of sight in pockets, waistbands. They watch as Bernardo wraps his hands in boxers\u2019 protective wrap.", "THE SHARKS(CONT\u2019D)": "And we\u2019re the ones to stop \u2018em Once and for all!THE", "her friends:": "", "LUZ": "Shh! Ay, nena, we\u2019re gonna get evicted nos van a botar como bolsa. Good for you!MECHE You tore up a $500 check! \u00a1La riquita! The craziest girl on the block? She\u2019s the one who is an advanced state of shock. Mar\u00eda borrows a straw hat from a mannequin. She grabs a beach ball from the display and tosses it to Luz. She isn\u2019t in love. Keep away from her! Luz takes the Windex spray can from her smock pocket and sprays it at Mar\u00eda like insect repellent. What? Feel like running and dancing for joy!", "RIFF (O.S)": "Right!", "ICE (O.S.)": "We\u2019re gonna flatten him good!", "ANITA (V.O.)": "Tonight - They drop down onto the railroad tracks. - tonight. (with Mar\u00eda & Tony (simultaneous with (simultaneous with (simultaneous with", "SHARKS (V.O.)": "(simultaneous with Mar\u00eda and Anita", "MAR\u00cdA (V.O.)": "(simultaneous with", "above:)": "- and still the sky is light-TONY - and still the sky is light - Oh moon, grow bright And make this endless day - Endless night!", "JETS (V.O.)": "(simultaneous with", "Braulio:)": "Deechuhkuh deechuhkuh ababadabaduh- The Jets laugh. Big Deal and Numbers close the door neareast them. Bernardo signals to", "quietly:": "", "JOCHI": "\u00bfQu\u00e9 carajo est\u00e1 pasando?QUIQUE (to", "(to Ice:)": "Oye pana, I thought we were going to fight.", "AN\u00cdBAL": "\u00a1Ten cuida\u2019o, jefe! \u00a1Te puede dar la pu\u00f1al\u00e1 por la espalda!JULITO \u00a1Te lo dije, son un chorro de huele pegas!", "CHUCHO": "\u00a1Esto es un relajo! \u00a1Ellos no van a pelear! On the Jets side, when Bernardo slaps Tony\u2019s hand away, A-Rab and Numbers laugh. Diesel barks at Bernardo era el alma de to\u2019s nosotros. El m\u00e1s fuerte. Bernardo, he died to show those gringos how tough Puerto Ricans are, m\u00e1s fuerte que to\u2019 ellos -", "up:)": "It don\u2019t matter what I did!RIFF He beat the snot outa someone exactly like you!", "Rumble\u201d begins:)": "Tony takes a jab at Bernardo, who ducks, then punches Tony again, twice. Tony swings again. Bernardo easily evades his punches. The Jets loudly encourage Tony; the Sharks cheer for Bernardo. Bernardo hits the cut above Tony\u2019s eye again, and more blood pours down, blinding him. He wipes the blood from his eyes while trying to avoid Bernardo\u2019s fists.", "BERNARDO (CONT\u2019D)": "", "CHARITA": "\u00a1As\u00ed mismo! The new apartments, the Metropolitan Opera and the orchestra hall? Not for us. \u00a1For the gringos! Or some rare disease? - refined! Lluvia hands Mar\u00eda a broom. Which?", "MECHE": "\u00a1Pero claro! That\u2019s why I cashed my relocation check, inmediatamente! Pues yo prefiero irme con 500 pesos.LUZ (to It must be the heat!", "FAUSTA": "\u00a1Si estrujas ese chal, te van a botar! Mar\u00eda returns to the dais and re-drapes the stole. She\u2019s merely insane. Mar\u00eda dons sunglasses and a bag to go with her hat. Well-bred and mature! Mar\u00eda grabs the broom and dances away with it down an aisle. (clapping her hands, Get back to work! The women move back out to the show floor and resume dusting.", "LLUVIA(CONT\u2019D)": "Si nos vamos, que sea con dignidad.", "MECHE (CONT\u2019D)": "\u00a1Mar\u00eda, Luz te esta hablando!FAUSTA Get down from there! \u00a1Solo los del sindicato tocan eso! We have eight floors to clean! \u00a1Mar\u00eda! Mar\u00eda slips the stole off the mannequin. She tries it on.", "FAUSTA(CONT\u2019D)": "\u00a1Si estrujas ese chal, te van a botar!CHARITA She\u2019s dreaming about her boyfriend.", "there:": "Who can that attractive girl be? Luz spritzes the glass with Windex in time with the music. Mar\u00eda takes the bottle to spritz, as well.", "(to Fausta:)": "Have you met my good friend Maria? You\u2019ll know her the minute you see her -", "LLUVIA": "Modest and pure! Charita snatches off the hat. Where?", "are watching:": "", "PROVI": "Miss America! Meche steps out, joining Provi. They gesture to a circular rack of dresses.      105.", "sternly:)": "\u00a1Ok, ya! \u00a1Hasta aqu\u00ed lleg\u00f3 la comedia!", "ALL": "Whom?", "MAR\u00cdA (O.S.)": "Such a pretty face", "MAR\u00cdA (O.S.)(CONT\u2019D)": "Such a pretty dress Such a pretty smile - Such a pretty me! All the women join with Mar\u00eda in admiring themselves!", "CHINO (O.S.)": "Soy... Soy yo.", "(fast:)": "There was a fight, con los Jets, y me fui con ellos, y ... Y hubo un accidente, Mar\u00eda, like it was over before, before anyone could stop him, fue tan r\u00e1pido que nadie... and Riff, he got stabbed, and -", "SECURITY GUARD": "What\u2019s going on down there? Mar\u00eda stands, stricken, as Rosal\u00eda and Luz go to her.", "(screaming:)": "", "JUNIOR": "(to", "JULITO": "Bernardo est\u00e1 muerto.", "Julito\u2019s news:)": "\u00a1Ay, Dios Todopoderoso! No puede ser...JUNIOR(CONT\u2019D) (to", "PIPO": "Y Riff. Tambi\u00e9n est\u00e1 muerto. Riff tambi\u00e9n est\u00e1 muerto. Nos tenemos que ir. Nos tenemos que ir. Some of the Sharks start to move away.", "(\u201dSomewhere\u201d begins:)": "", "VALENTINA (V.O.)": "Time together with time to spare - Someday! Somewhere! There\u2019s a place for us - A time and place for us.", "following:)": "", "QUIQUE(CONT\u2019D)": "\u00bfEst\u00e1s bien, hermano? Pero Chino, pana, don\u2019t you do what Bernardo did. You kill a gringo, they\u2019ll kill you.", "machine\u2019s clatter:": "", "(calmly, deliberately:)": "Chino is gentle. He doesn\u2019t have a gun.", "VELMA": "Does he know we\u2019re up here? Me and Grazie?", "ANYBODYS(CONT\u2019D)": "Bernardo\u2019s friend Chino, he has Riff\u2019s gun.", "out:": "", "GRAZIELLA(CONT\u2019D)": "Open the goddamn door! Diesel joins the other Jets, ignoring Graziella\u2019s shouting and banging on the Don\u2019t! Please! Suddenly, the cellar door flies open and Valentina enters the room.      128.", "while:": "", "Valentina:)": "Tell Tony... You tell that murderer Mar\u00eda ain\u2019t coming. Chino... He found out about them. Tony and Mar\u00eda. (a", "disagreeing:)": "They\u2019re the same thing. Before Mar\u00eda, maybe I woulda said they ain\u2019t, but now - It\u2019s all life is. Even if it lasts no time at all, a month, a day even.", "TONY (O.S.)(CONT\u2019D)": "", "lullaby:": ""}, "white-christmas.pdf": {"\"WHITE CHRISTMAS\"": "by Melvin Frank, Norman Krasna and Norman Panama ", "GENERAL CARLTON": "(Stiffly) Thank you. (To Driver) Sergeant, take me to headquarters immediately!  We'll have those men turned out on the double!", "ADJUTANT": "That Sergeant'll be a private tomorrow!", "GENERAL WAVERLY": "(Embarrassed) Well -- I guess that's about it - uh - uh -- Bob, covering his", "SERGEANT": "Yes, sir! The jeep pulls off and makes a half circle. The Adjutant makes a gesture, as if to stop it. The General stops him.", "CUT TO:": "", "BOB": "I was forced to hire a caddy for my loose change.", "WAVERLY'S VOICE": "", "DISSOLVE TO:": "", "COOKE": "What train do you want?  There's a one-thirty this morning but you have to sit up all night.", "PHIL": "Who are we kidding? This is the cue for the orchestra to start the production number, I", "OSCAR": "It is for me  -- I get ten percent. (He listens for a moment) Next time you guys make a charitable gesture, find out if you got with what to make it.  See you Wednesday.", "RITA": "You're interested in Judy, aren't you?", "BETTY": "Tell you how I handle a situation like this, Doctor. She starts to sing,", "JUDY": "Keep your guard up... That ain't Coolidge out on that porch. Betty throws her a look, and exits.", "BANDLEADER": "Ladies and gentleman, the Stewart Sisters! The audience applauds politely while the girls start toward the platform,  Phil reacts in surprise to the new development.", "NOVELLO": "Wait a minute! That's their music! He gets up, opens the office door, and we", "LANDLORD": "That's not mine!  I wasn't smoking!", "SHERIFF": "What's that burning?  A lollypop? (He grabs him by the shoulder, not too gently, and starts him out) Come on!", "WIPE TO:": "", "HANK": "This thing goes over a hundred an hour!  Hold on! He starts with his red lights going, his siren screaming, and tires grinding.", "SUSAN": "(Follows it up) If you think you don't owe them anything, you're not obliged to go.", "MARTHA": "Yes, sir! She and the General gaze at the snow falling beyond the lobby door which is blown open by the wind. Underneath all this we have been hearing the introductory music to", "OMITTED": "", "ALL": "How do you do?", "WAVERLY": "If you ever take it into your mind to grab a little rest from all that work I wish you'd drop in on us here -- I can't promise you any golf but -- (As he looks at the falling snow)", "PHIL'S VOICE": "What's that, sir?", "FIRST OWNER": "Same here. (Big smile) Much obliged.", "SECOND OWNER": "We needed something like this.  I had six checkouts, and when they heard about this they decided to stay.", "BOB'S VOICE": "Tuna fish, on the lower shelf. Betty whirls around.", "FADE OUT": "", "FADE IN:": "", "ALBERT": "I'm her husband. (Small pause) The baby'll be named after me.", "SYLVIA": "How did they know? The girls start crowding around.", "GIRLS": "(Ad libbing) You wouldn't tell us, would you?  We had to find out ourselves, etc. (Phil and Judy are among the group)", "GENERAL": "Get this area policed up.  No telling who might be dropping in. Martha salutes.", "REVERSE ANGLE": "", "WEATHER FORECAST": "At the moment a hand is completing, in", "(DAY)": "There is a group of elderly men, among them the hotel owners, pitching horseshoes. Waverly is sitting on a bench, ruefully looking at the sign.", "LEADER": "Relax.  Just do it the way you sang it this afternoon -- you'll be great. He gives the downbeat, and Betty has no choice but to sing", "MAITRE D'": "Very well, Mr. Wallace.", "ED": "The objective is Pine Tree, Vermont --- Synchronize watches for Operation Waverly...", "FIRST M.P.": "All quiet, folks!  Entering the town!", "PETE": "(Seating a party) Right this way.", "ED HARRISON": "Long distance call for you, sir. Waverly looks surprised, but rises and starts out. Bob, visible in b.g., has been watching.  He and Harrison exchange knowing glances."}, "x-men-days-of-future-past-2014.pdf": {"FADE IN:": "1 ", "WARPATH": "They're here. Blink grabs him and", "BLINK": "Not while he's in that state. It would wake him.", "KITTY": "Where's...Bobby...? Rogue looks back at her, emotional.", "WHHHHHM.": "", "FADE OUT.": "", "XAVIER": "Well then, let's begin...  * 221  They start to head off together, these two silhouettes moving", "MAGNETO": "...old friend. Magneto dies in Xavier's arms.  * ", "BISHOP (O.S.)": "We'll be the judge of that.", "PROUDSTAR": "Not impossible.  * *  He detected them. Bishop steps closer.", "BISHOP": "", "BISHOP (CONT'D)": "And for the traveler, there's another burden. You'll be the only one who remembers this world, this war, you'll carry that with you. And that's all you'll remember. Whatever becomes of history, you'll", "LOGAN": "Yeah... I took some really bad acid.  * * *", "STORM": "Everybody take cover. And hold onto anything that's not locked down.  * * *", "XAVIER (CONT'D)": "What's the last thing you remember...? We transition back to", "KITTY (CONT'D)": "I'm sorry, I wish I could help, but you're asking the impossible. Nobody could survive that trip.  14 ", "LOGAN (CONT'D)": "It's good to see you, Scott. 221  Scott is surprised by the sentiment.  221", "SENATOR": "Sir, where are we going to allocate the money for this?", "TRASK": "There's one of them in here.  * *  Bill turns, sees the Serviceman, and notices--", "TRASK (CONT'D)": "Today we stand as Homo Sapiens, facing the greatest threat in the history of our species. What the world witnessed in Paris was not an isolated incident. These people are part of a growing population of", "(MORE)": " * * * * *", "GUARD (CONT'D)": "Good, just having them here gives me the heebie-jeebies. The Private pushes through the door into-22 ", "PRIVATE": " * *  With that, the Private", "DOCTOR": "Same place they are.  * *  He motions to the mutants. The Private sees a", "BILL": "Just put down", "ALEX": " * *  Raven has no choice. She leaves him, lunging out the door with the rest of the mutants, as--", "RAVEN.": " *  I know. ", "RAVEN": "Okay, Professor.  * *  For the first time, Charles doesn't protest the word. As they", "MP/RAVEN": "Keep moving, head down, keep walking.  * * *", "COLONEL": "My war's not over.  24 ", "COLONEL (CONT'D)": "Wouldn't want to leave these poor boys in this godforsaken country. They load the mutants into the chopper.  * ", "TOAD": "You're not coming with us? He looks at the Colonel. 24  25 ", "TRASK INDUSTRIES.": " *  She disappears into the rain, one step closer to her destiny, and we", "HANK": "I'll keep it busy. You stop him.  * *  Hank", "T.": "27 ", "CHARLES": "", "HANK (V.O.)": "...surrounded on all sides by the most heavily secured building in the world.  34 ", "CHARLES (O.S.)": "She won't listen to me. They turn, see", "ERIK LENSHERR.": "The Guard", "GUARD": "The whole world's gonna be coming after you.  * * *", "ERIK": "Who are you? Apocalypse leans forward.", "ERIK (CONT'D)": "We've been given a second chance, you and me. Together, tomorrow, we can change our fate, we can determine our own destiny. We can decide how this ends. Charles slows, the words resonate. Erik is the one inspiring", "CHARLES (CONT'D)": "(a thin smile) I know one maximum security prison that has a vacancy.  * *", "JFK...": "", "CAIN": "Yeah, you too, Professor.  * *  Cain walks away. Charles watches him for a moment, then turns", "EXT/INT.": "", "SOLDIER": "Yes sir, Captain Stryker.  * *  And we realize for the first", "SECRETARY": "We added some names to the list for tomorrow.  * * ", "SECRETARY (O.S.)": " * *  The voice startles Raven. ", "ONE SECOND.": " *  She transforms back into Trask, steps out of the safe, goes to the door where the Secretary stands with a piece of paper. ", "ERIK (O.S.)": "Sorry about the mess.  * * * *", "RAVEN (SUBTITLED)": "Looks can be deceiving. His smile widens. He speaks broken English--  * * ", "RAVEN (CONT'D)": "And that's you. When you can see that, maybe we can be together. Till then...goodnight. She takes the medical supplies out of his hand. He looks at her, wants to say something, wants to connect, but-HANK Okay, goodnight.", "REPORTER": "They've come from all over the world to witness history, along with news crews from at least fifty different countries.  *", "RUSSIAN GENERAL": "You would betray your country by selling this weapon to us? 74 ", "GENERAL LUONG": "There's been some kind of mistake.  * *  Trask glances at Bill, who pulls out that familiar", "VOICE (O.S.)": "No she won't.  * *  56.", "BOBBY": "Go. Finish this. Rogue's eyes fill with tears, as-The Sentinel", "REPORTER (V.O.)": "Thousands of people will be here today... 165 ", "NIXON": "What do you want to stop this madness...?  * * *", "GENERAL": "Where the hell did those things go?  * * ", "NURSE": "Where do you think she comes from? You think she has a family? Raven considers.", "HIS HELMET.": " *  It rises out of the box and into his hands. He holds it like an old friend. ", "CHARLES XAVIER": "Give me a chance, I may be able to help you... And now more memories come flooding back. The future. Sentinels. A city in ruins. And finally Charles sees...", "CHILD CHARLES": " * *  She smiles, and they go back to playing. As they walk away, she reaches out and holds his hand, a little sister with her", "CHILD RAVEN": "You really think?  * *  He steps closer, a boy with so much certainty, innocence.", "HANK (CONT'D)": "Usually I can fight them down.  * *  He tries to fight it off, but she takes his wrist.", "TRASK (V.O.)": "Her", "REPR": "Here in the", "XAVIER (V.O.)": "The walls are reinforced with six inches of steel. That's not a dead end, Bobby-138 ", "ROGUE": "I'm sorry, Kitty. Kitty sinks back, all her energy starts to fade, but-153  Rogue grabs Kitty's wrist. Kitty's skin goes pale, veins 153 bulging, as", "THREE SENTINELS.": " *  Magneto rushes Bobby and Rogue toward their escape, as--  *", "BEHIND THEM.": "The Sentinels", "SENTINEL APART.": "146 ", "CEREBRO VOICE": "Welcome Professor. 151 ", "LOGAN (O.S.)": "Things will change.  * * * ", "ERIK.": " *  He puts on a coat, looks out the window, sees--  *", "VIETNAM VETERAN": "Worst kind.  * *  Charles nods, thinking about Erik. He looks out at the crowd,", "CHARLES (V.O.)": "Because I believe in you, Raven. I know who you are. Maybe you forgot, but I remember...  * *", "SECRET SERVICEMAN": "Sir, we need to get you to the White House!  * * *", "NIXON (CONT'D)": "Take Dr. Trask into custody.  * * * ", "JEAN": "Logan, is everything alright...? Logan looks at her, looks at the school.", "APOCALYPSE.": "", "APOCALYPSE": "I am...your future. Apocalypse"}, "yankee doodle dandy(transcript).pdf": {"Address:": "Devonshire Hotel. - How do you know so much about me? - Don't you recognize me, Mr. Cohan? I was a clerk at the Friars Club. -", "- Age:": "- Doesn't even give me a chance to lie. Thirty-nine? I'm sorry, Mr. Cohan. You're overage. Thirty-one's the limit now. What's 8 or 9 years? The Germans won't ask me for a birth certificate. Oh, I know how you feel, Mr. Cohan.", "Stix:": "", "Hix:": "Small towns refuse rube pictures. \"Stix nix hix pix.\" Stix nix hix pix. - I thought that was new jive talk. - New what talk? - Jive talk."}}